“Senior Brother Qi,” said Jiang Hao, greeting him politely.
Qi Yang was an inner sect disciple of Thunder Fire Peak. He was currently in the early phase of Foundation Establishment Stage. They had been friends since their time as outer sect disciples. They got along well. But their bloodline was different, so they rarely saw each other anymore.
“Eh? You’ve reached the Foundation Establishment Stage? So Fast?!” Qi Yang suddenly exclaimed as he approached Jiang Hao.
The two people by his side were also surprised. Nineteen was very young to have reached that stage.
“I was just lucky to reach the Foundation Establishment Stage,” Jiang Hao said with a smile.
This was the trouble with not being able to conceal his cultivation level. Anybody could see it. He had to find a way to conceal his cultivation level. But he had to first think of a way to earn 1000 spirit stones first.
No matter how depressing it was, he had to fulfill the amount of compensation he owed to the heavenly Joy Pavilion. Otherwise, they might just kill him.It seemed the Cliff of Broken Hearts was unable or unwilling to protect him.
He couldn’t understand why the Heavenly Joy Pavilion wanted to go to this extent for the sake of an inner sect traitor. ‘Was Senior Sister Yun Ruo telling the truth when she said that the Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion thought highly of her? That he coveted her?’
Jiang Hao didn’t think much of it. He didn’t find Senior Sister Yun Ruo that beautiful anyway when compared to the woman who had poisoned him…
“Senior Brother and Senior Sister, let me introduce to you. This is my Junior Brother, Jiang Hao, who was under the same roof when I was still in the outer sect,” said Qi Yang to the two people standing by him.
“It’s rare to meet two outstanding disciples in the same place.” The man next to him smiled. “My name is Xu Feng, and the person next to me is my Junior Sister, Liang Yue.”
“Senior Brother Xu, Senior Sister Liang. It is very nice to meet you.” Jiang Hao bowed his head in greeting.
“By the way, which branch is Junior Brother from?” Liang Yue asked with a smile.
Both wanted to befriend Jiang Hao. Such a young cultivator already in the Foundation Establishment Stage was no less than a genius.
“The Cliff of Broken Hearts,” said Jiang Hao.
Xu Feng and Liang Yue both looked surprised. “The Cliff of Broken Hearts?!”
“Junior Brother, by any chance, do you know who killed Yun Ruo of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion?” asked Xu Feng.
The question made Jiang Hao uncomfortable. However, there was no use lying. “I did,” he said.
Now, not only Xu Feng and Liang Yue but also Qi Yang looked shocked. Xu Fang and Liang Yue even deliberately put a few steps of distance between him and themselves.
After chatting awkwardly for a while. The three of them left. Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. By their reactions, it seemed Heavenly Joy Pavilion wasn’t something to trifle with.
He had never put an effort to build relationships with others in the Devil Sect, but he had eliminated a traitor that was going to betray the sect, so why was everyone avoiding him?
…
In a corner, Xu Feng looked at Qi Yang. “You are familiar with Junior Brother Jiang, it seems. How talented is he?”
“He is above average,” said Qi Yang after a thought.
“Above average?” Liang Yue looked surprised. “How old is he?”
“Nineteen, I think. Two years older than me,” answered Qi Yang.
“Above average aptitude, nineteen years old. How did he reach the Foundation Establishment Stage?” Xu Feng asked curiously.
“Because he had a fortuitous encounter and his cultivation level soared. I think the Foundation Establishment Stage should also be related to that fortuitous encounter,” said Qi Yang doubtfully.
“Senior Brothers and Sisters, do you feel that something is wrong?”
Xu Feng and Liang Yue had concocted a plan. When they looked at Jiang Hao, their eyes showed contempt.
“Junior Brother, it’s better not to get too close to him in the future.” Xu Feng looked in the direction of Jiang Hao.
“I was curious why the Cliff of Broken Hearts didn’t try their best to protect him. Now I know. If he advanced through a fortuitous encounter, it means his path in the future is not easy. In other words, he has no value. After offending the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, there is definitely a disaster waiting for Jiang Hao in the future. So, don’t get too close with him. It will make things difficult for the Master.”
Xu Feng had wanted to befriend Jiang Hao. Even now, he was in a dilemma. Such a young person in the Foundation Establishment Stage was a genius. Geniuses were always promising and very useful. But since he had offended the Heavenly Joy Pavilion and advanced only because of a fortuitous encounter, Xu Feng no longer wanted to be his friend.
In fact, he was even slightly envious. He wasn’t even at the Foundation Establishment Stage.
Qi Yang looked in the direction of Jiang Hao and remained quiet.
…
Jiang Hao realized that the only missions who paid highly required him to either go outside of the sect or fulfill unrealistic demands. He could only do so much with his current limitations to his strength and other skills.
He did discover that alchemy, forging, and talisman-making were the most profitable among them. Unfortunately, he didn’t know how to do any of those things.
‘How about… learning one for the time being?’ thought Jiang Hao. He knew he had no chance with alchemy and forging. Not only were they difficult to set up, but also required pill formulas and forging techniques which needed spirit stones to buy. Otherwise, with his knowledge about spirit herbs, he could have done it.
‘Talisman-making… Maybe I can buy some materials and give it a try.’ Having made up his mind, Jiang Hao decided to take on a simple mission to earn some spirit stones.
Although it did seem far-fetched for him to be able to make talisman-making into a lucrative side business, he couldn’t afford to waste his time doing nothing.
As for the method, he could figure it out as he did it. He shouldn’t aim too high when starting out. In the end, he accepted a mission of tending to the pure Yang Flower.
Seven Days, 20 spirit stones.
The pay wasn’t that bad, but the requirements were challenging. Fortunately, Jiang Hao had spent several years in the Spirit Herb Garden, so he met the requirements adequately.
This task was from the White Moon Lake. There were many geniuses there, and it was under the jurisdiction of the Guardian Elder. He had never seen this elder before. But that was not so unusual. The high-ranking masters and officials like the Guardian Elder, Peak Master, Sect Master, etc. were rarely seen.
‘I’ll buy some talisman-making materials and instruction manuals first, then I’ll go over to take a look,’ decided Jiang Hao. ‘It’s said that the pure Yang Flower is a holy medicine. I wonder if there’s a purple bubble in it.’
If only the bubbles could produce spirit stones, all his problems would be solved!