“Oh my God! Elder Baizhi gave me a bomb?!” exclaimed Jiang Hao. He looked at the seed in his hand in shock. Cold sweat dripped down his back.
He had appraised the seed and the result was:
[The seed of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower: at the beginning of the primordial era, there was a flower that was born in Heaven and earth. Heaven and earth have been distinct for countless years. The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower bears fruit and then leaves a seed. This is one of those seeds. Bury it in the ground and water it once a day. One bowl of water.It can take root and sprout after seven days.]
Jiang Hao remembered the name of this flower. He had seen it once before. He had seen it in the appraisal result of Senior Sister Yun Ruo. It was the reason why she had come to the Heavenly Note Sect as a traitor. Which meant that if there are other spies and traitors, they would be looking for this seed.
‘Now that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in my hands, is everyone already targeting me?’ thought Jiang Hao nervously. ‘If it sprouts within seven days, I must be always vigilant of my surroundings. What if I just don’t plant it? Could I withstand Elder Baizhi’s anger?’
Jiang Hao felt like a fish out of water. He heaved a weary sigh. He felt helpless. He had only sought to get stronger and raise money to pay his compensation and be out of any danger but this…
‘The Devil sect is really not a place where peaceful people can stay,’ he thought, shaking his head. He walked out to his small garden and found a place to plant the seed. He looked at his makeshift wooden fence and wished he could build a fence of stones so no one would be able to see the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
He planted the seed, filled a bowl and watered it. ‘I need to tread carefully. If I really can’t do it, I must find a chance to escape.’
Jiang Hao left his house and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He collected the bubbles which had spawned.There were two blue air bubbles.
[ cultivation + 1]
[ lifeblood + 1]
[ strength + 1]
[ spirit + 1]
[ endurance + 1]
As time passed, Jiang Hao felt that his strength had increased. If he planted, tended and harvested in the same manner every day, he wondered how much his strength and spirit would increase. Right now, he was better than those who were at the same rank.
At noon, Jiang Hao went to the market and put up his stall. This time he was lucky. All five of his talismans were sold. He earned a total of 21 spirit stones. The profit was 11 spirit stones. It was the same person from before who bought the talisman, so he had given some discount.
“How many Fire Talismans do you have left?” asked the person who had bought all his talismans. She was a Senior Sister in the middle phase of the Foundation Establishment Stage. She looked very fierce.
“How many do you want, Senior Sister?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Fifty talismans, within three days,” Leng Tian said.
Jiang Hao shook his head regretfully. “I am sorry I don’t think I can make that many.”
Even if he went at it the whole night, he would only be able to make ten at most. Making talismans consumed spiritual energy, especially if used along with the divine ability that he had obtained.
“Then within three days, I will take as many as you can make,” said Senior Sister Leng Tian, as she gave him 10 spirit stones.
“I’ll try my best.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Although other talismans were more profitable, being able to sell any one of the talismans made a huge difference. He was curious but he couldn’t possibly ask why she needed so many Fire Talisman in such short notice.
Jiang Hao began to make talismans one after the other the next day. He did not have any afternoon missions, so he used all his time in making as many talismans as he could. His success rate wasn’t very good.
On the first day, he tried fifteen times a day and only succeeded eight times. On the second day, he succeeded nine times, ten times on the third day. He could only make a total of twenty-seven Fire Talismans by the third day.
He obtained 81 spirit stones. It had cost him 45 spirit stones, so he made a profit of 36 spirit stones. He now had almost 250 spirit stones in total. In less than two weeks, he had earned nearly a hundred spirit stones. He had never dared to think it was possible before.
Four days passed and he sold his talismans. He could rarely sell them all in a day but the profit he made was almost around 10 spirit stones a day. His savings had reached around 300 spirit stones and it had only been half a month. If nothing unexpected happened and he continued to do what he did, he could reach a total of 1000 spirit stones without any problem. It felt like a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
In the courtyard, Jiang Hao had made a makeshift fence that obscured the seed he had planted from unwelcome sight.
At night, he continued to make talismans. He was about to finish one last stroke when a strange phenomenon occurred. An invisible spiritual energy swept across from the courtyard and into his room and burned the talismans on spot.
It was so surprising, especially since the source of the energy was in the courtyard. ‘It’s been seven days. Has the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower sprouted?’ he wondered.
Jiang Hao had always checked it, but he never thought something strange as this might happen. He went to the balcony and saw an invisible wave sweeping through the courtyard like the wind. Fortunately, the impact did not extend beyond the courtyard, or else it would have been fatal.
He knew that traitors might already be targeting the flower. The wave did not last long. He saw a small bud emerge from the soil and gently sway in the wind. When the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in the next moment, the spiritual energy wave fluctuation disappeared, and a purple-gold bubble appeared floating on top of it.
Jiang Hao had never seen such a bubble before. Purple-gold…
‘What could it be?’ he wondered. Jiang Hao was a little excited. He jumped down from his balcony and approached the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower just as the sky slightly brightened with the rising sun.
The purple-gold bubble flew up and fused into his body.
[ purple-gold legend + 1]