‘Purple-gold Legend?’ Jiang Hao looked at the interface in surprise. This was the first time he had seen a bubble without a clear name.
He looked at his surroundings, and then glanced at the tender shoots. Other than two small delicate leaves, he found nothing unusual.
The sun had already risen, and his surroundings were quiet. After making sure no one had noticed him, he went to his room and opened his interface:
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 19]
[Cultivation: Early Foundation Establishment Stage]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions]
[Supernatural Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (Unique) ,Daily Appraisal, Clear And Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 34/100(can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 39/100(can be cultivated)]
[Supernatural Ability: 0/3(cannot be obtained)]
[Purple-Gold Legend: 1/1(can be obtained)]
‘It is a little unusual that it can be obtained directly,’ thought Jiang Hao. He washed his hands. Purple-gold was the highest-grade color he had seen so far. He hoped it was a good item.
Jiang Hao chose to obtain it. A purple-gold light flashed, and Jiang Hao felt a mysterious article engrave itself in his mind.He saw the brightest four words in the article: Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
Hong Meng Heart Sutra was one of the innate scriptures of the absolute beginning. Purple lifeblood enveloped heaven and earth, giving birth to all things. This was what Jiang Hao saw in the Heart Sutra. He pondered about it for a long time.
He understood that this was a cultivation technique. The Primordial Chaos Heart Sutra, the absolute beginning technique. After cultivating it, it would give birth to the primordial purple lifeblood, concealing the inner breath.
‘So, I have a powerful cultivation technique and a hidden technique?’ thought Jiang Hao in joy. He went back outside to look at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Opportunities came with risks. However, as long as he was given time, this risk should be greatly reduced.
It was close to noon. Jiang Hao left the courtyard and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden as a part of his daily routine. He tried to finish his chore as soon as possible and return to his house. After making sure that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was alright, he began to cultivate.
He wanted to use the Hong Meng Heart Sutra. All his powers were covered with a wisp of purple lifeblood but still displayed through the Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions. He couldn’t help but sigh in admiration for the Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
In one night, Jiang Hao had successfully switched to the Hong Meng Heart Sutra. Even with the same cultivation level, he felt that his strength had drastically increased. If he were to deal with Senior Sister Yun Ruo again, he might be able to handle the situation with much more ease.
The powerful strength made Jiang Hao happy. The effect of the purple mist made him eager to accumulate a hundred cultivation levels and then continue to advance further.
Jiang Hao went outside to the courtyard early in the morning. He found that there was a faint, refreshing fragrance in the courtyard which came from the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
What made him even more happy was that there were two blue bubbles on the edge of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
[ cultivation base + 1]
[ lifeblood + 1]
Jiang Hao was ecstatic. Without the pure Yang Flower to compensate anymore, the speed of his cultivation bases had slowed considerably. Now that he had the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to replenish from, he could quickly accumulate 100 cultivation bases. He hesitated. He wasn’t sure how to nurture it from now on. He used his Daily Appraisal.
[The tender bud of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower: at the beginning of the primordial era, there was a flower that was born in heaven and earth. Heaven and earth had been distinct for countless years. The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower bears fruit and then leaves a seed. This is the tender bud that has taken root and broken through the soil. Water it once a day. One bowl of water. It will grow even faster.]
‘There are some changes in the Appraisal result, but it still needs one bowl of water,’ thought Jiang Hao. He took a bowl and filled it and then watered the plant.
He went inside his house. He needed to work hard to earn the 1000 spirit stones from today. He was about to venture out again when he received an unexpected guest at his door. Law Enforcement Hall’s Liu Xingchen.
‘Why is he here again?’ Many things went through Jiang Hao’s mind as he tried to figure out his guest’s motive. If he had the chance, he would definitely take the Heavenly Fragrance Dao flower with him.
“Junior Brother Jiang, there’s something I need to tell you.” Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao expressionlessly.
“Senior Brother, please do,” Jiang Hao said politely.
This person was an expert in the late stage of the Golden Core Realm. Jiang Hao knew he had no chance of winning against him.
“Can we talk inside?” asked Liu Xingchen, pointing at his courtyard.
He walked briskly to the courtyard without waiting for Jiang Hao’s approval, anyway. Jiang Hao hesitated, then followed.
However, he was prepared to run, if need be. If Liu Xingchen had come for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he wouldn’t be able to stop him.
“It seems that Junior Brother likes to plant some spirit herbs,” Liu Xingchen looked around.
Jiang Hao looked around the courtyard, but he didn’t say anything.
After a moment, Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao. “Junior Brother, do you know why you have to pay 1000 spirit stones?”
“Because I have offended the Heavenly Joy Pavilion?” said Jiang Hao cautiously.
“Why do you think the Heavenly Joy Pavilion values an inner sect disciple so much?” Liu Xingchen asked again.
‘What did he want?’ thought Jiang Hao. He didn’t understand why he was being interrogated now.
“Because the seniors of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion thought highly of Senior Sister Yun Ruo?” he said.
“Yes, but that’s not all.” Liu Xingchen looked around. After making sure that there was no one around, he said, “Because the cultivation technique that the pavilion master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion uses requires a person with a naturally charming body to act as a vessel for a certain period of time to help him break through the bottleneck. He has reached his bottleneck. And coincidentally, such a person came along. When we found out that Yun Ruo was a traitor, we went to inform the master. When she realized that we knew about her, she came to find you. We wanted to capture her alive but… you killed her. How do you think the master of Heavenly Joy Pavilion felt about it?”