It had been almost half a month since he had obtained the nameless manual. Jiang Hao had read it diligently and now had a rough grasp on how to hide his cultivation. As far as anyone knew, he was an Early Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator. He could continue to improve himself and the purple lifeblood would conceal his cultivation from others.
In the room, Jiang Hao exhaled in relief. He then opened his interface to check his status:
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 19]
[Cultivation: Middle Foundation Establishment Stage]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Supernatural Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (Unique), Daily Appraisal, Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 35/100(can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation Method: 38/100(can be cultivated)]
[Supernatural Ability: 0/3(Cannot be Obtained)]
‘It doesn’t show the cultivation method. It seems to be a special technique,’ he noticed. ‘Advancing to the early stage and the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage seem to take a similar amount of lifeblood and cultivation. I wonder if I can advance in one go in the future.’
Jiang Hao could only try it again next time. Perhaps in about two or three months. If everything went smoothly, he would be able to advance quickly to the late stage of Foundation Establishment.
‘The deadline for the compensation is almost near. I have to earn more spirit stones.’
Now that he could completely conceal his cultivation, there was no need to worry. He was curious if he could deceive that woman if she visited again. He wanted to see if she could find out his cultivation level once he advanced. For the first time, he was looking forward to her visit.
Of course, she was extremely strong and also a bit strange. He had to be careful with her. It would be best if he didn’t meet her.
Jiang Hao walked to the Spirit Herb Garden to find some bubbles.
[ strength + 1]
[ strength + 1]
[ spirit + 1]
[ cultivation + 1]
He took the bubbles and lamented that he had never seen intelligence as a reward from these bubbles. Otherwise, he could come up with new ways to make himself stronger quickly. He could even find a way to get out of his current predicament.
Fortunately, although the increase in spirit and strength was insignificant, he could still clearly feel the change. His spirit and strength could only be enough to shake those in the Golden Core Realm in a hundred years.
At noon, he left the Spirit Herb Garden and went to the market. There weren’t many people there, as usual. He saw Qi Yang along the way. He went up to him to greet him but the Senior Brother near him pulled Qi Yang away.
Jiang Hao didn’t not chase after Qi Yang. When Qi Yang caught his eyes, he lowered his head as if he was ashamed. Jiang Hao understood. If he went and greeted Qi Yang, he would be dragging his friend down. The people from Heavenly Joy Pavilion already had their eyes on Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao went to his spot and put up his stall. Most of the talismans he had today were the Fire Talismans, the Spirit Concentration Talismans, And the Divine Sword Talismans. He once thought of producing Ten Thousand Sword Talisman, but the cost was too high, and it took a lot of time, so he sought stability.
Presently, he was still short of about 150 spirit stones. Each talisman was worth 5 spirit stones, so he needed to sell at least thirty of them. So far, he had around fifty talismans for sale. He put a dozen of them on display. If he put too many on display, they would not sell for more.
‘After I fulfill my compensation, I’ll make Ten Thousand Sword Talisman,’ thought Jiang Hao. After paying the 1000 spirit stones he owed the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, he would be freer.
“Junior Brother, how nice to see you again!” Fairy Leng Tian said with a smile. “I have been holding back from buying talismans from other stalls. I was looking for you.”
“Hello, Senior Sister. It is good to see you again, too. Do you need more of the Fire Talismans?” asked Jiang Hao. He remembered she had ordered so many Fire Talismans before.
Fairy Leng Tian shook her head. “I don’t want them for now. But do you have the Ten Thousand Sword Talisman?”
“Not at the moment,” said Jiang Hao. “It’s difficult to make.”
“Then I’ll take the Godly Sword Talisman and each of the other talismans you have,” said Fairy Leng Tian.
“Five talismans for a total of 25 spiritual stones. You can have them for 22, Senior Sister,” said Jiang Hao, handing out five talismans.
“Thank you. The quality of your talismans is good. And it’s easy to talk to you about them,” said Fairy Leng Tian honestly as she handed him 22 spirit stones.
She always looked so fierce that whenever she smiled, it felt like you were in trouble. After putting those talismans in her bag, Leng Tian looked at him.
“Junior Brother, I heard you offended the Heavenly Joy Pavilion?” she whispered in a low voice.
She didn’t wait for him to respond. “Junior Brother, you have to be very careful. The people of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion are too greedy and also powerful. Don’t leave the sect. It might be dangerous for you. After all, I have no other stalls where I can buy such good talismans.”
Jiang Hao nodded gratefully. He gave her a few extra Divine Walking Talismans and Fire Talismans as thanks. She didn’t stay for long and left.
Not long after, Jiang Hao welcomed another guest. It was a man with a slightly pale face. Middle Stage of Foundation Establishment.
“Jiang Hao! Junior Brother Jiang? Recently, I have heard some Senior Brothers and Sisters mention that you killed Junior Sister Yun Ruo?” said Miao Qian.
Jiang Hao had a bad feeling about this. This person was from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. ‘Is he here just by chance or is he deliberately looking for trouble? Wondered Jiang Hao.
“What does the Senior Brother want to say?” asked Jiang Hao politely.
“Nothing! I am just here to buy some talismans. How much are these?” asked Miao Qian, pointing at a Spirit Concentration Talisman.
“That is a Spirit Concentration Talisman. It costs 5 spirit stones. The Fire Talismans are 3 each,” said Jiang Hao.
Miao Qian smiled coldly. “I want them all. How much is that total?”
‘All of them?’ thought Jiang Hao. He had known it in his heart that today would not go smoothly.