Chapter 22 Genius Disciple
Jiang Hao understood Liu Xingchen’s words. Most of the sect’s missions were undertaken in teams. So, he couldn’t refuse. In such a situation, someone will take advantage of him.
If he ran into someone from Heavenly Joy Pavilion… There was a high chance of that happening. If that happened, he would be in danger. He had to advance further if he wanted to protect himself.
He opened his interface:
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 19] (Cultivation: Middle of Foundation Establishment Stage]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra)
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (Unique), Daily Appraisal, Clear and Pure Heart]
(Lifeblood: 49/100(can be cultivated)]
(Cultivation: 50/100(can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 0/3(cannot be obtained)]
‘I’m only halfway through. I still need a lot of time to level up,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘I need to think of a way to cultivate more spirit herb seeds so that I can obtain more blue bubbles.’
After planting the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, his speed of accumulating cultivation and lifeblood had increased drastically.
Although the level of danger had also increased, he had received so many good things. He felt that everything had been worth the trouble.
Hong Meng Heart Sutra, concealment technique, Nine Heavenly Battle Armor, blue bubbles every day… It hadn’t been half bad. It could be considered having cherry topping with the cake but if he was careless, it would also mean dying without a burial ground. Because he knew that he would have to offend either Elder Baizhi, or that woman. There was no escape.
“By the way, Senior Brother, do you know when the task will be assigned?” Jiang Hao asked cautiously.
“Ordinarily I am not supposed to tell you but since you have been through so much, I will make an exception,” said Liu Xingchen. “It will be around three months, or at least two.”
“There are two ways to get out of this predicament,” he added. “One is to hide from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion until the master finds another body for his cultivation technique. After some time has passed, I am sure they will forget about you.”
“Another way is to increase your value so that the Cliff Master will protect you at any cost. If that happens, the Heavenly Joy Pavilion will have to weigh the pros and cons and will have no choice but to brush this off as a small issue.”
“However, the second option is a tad bit difficult. I heard that the Cliff of broken Hearts has recently accepted an outstanding student. Do you know anything about that?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. He really didn’t have any idea. But both those options weren’t easy. He could only remotely entertain the first solution because he had no intention of revealing his value to anybody, not yet. Also, that kind of value usually needed time to manifest. If he suddenly revealed his level, it would seem even more suspicious.
What he lacked was time.
As for the Cliff of Broken Hearts accepting an outstanding disciple, he didn’t really care about that. He just needed to do things like he always did.
He asked about the cultivation level of the team leader that would be assigned to them. Liu Xingchen told him that the team leader was at the late Foundation Establishment Stage.If something unexpected occurred, the team leader would have completed his Foundation Establishment Stage quickly.
Jiang Hao thought about this. Maybe he could achieve the late Foundation Establishment Stage if he tried harder. But it would be impossible to complete the Foundation Establishment Stage for him right now.
He had to think of a way.
After chatting for a bit more, Liu Xingchen left. Liu Xingchen told him that the day the Heavenly Joy Pavilion lets him completely off the hook would be the day when his name would be removed from the suspect list.
Watching Liu Xingchen leave, Jiang Hao sighed. Liu Xingchen was being too kind. The appearance of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower had made his situation suddenly better.
Because of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, he couldn’t even keep in contact with friends from his past. And he still had to look out for the traitors. Everybody was just using each other in this world.
‘Two months, sixty days. A little bit of cultivation every day is only enough to cultivate once. I have to earn more spirit stones to buy spirit herb seeds.’
That was the only thing he could think of at the moment. He didn’t have many spirit stones after paying the compensation. He only had about 90 spirit stones for now.With that, he could buy better talisman materials. He didn’t even know how many spirit herbs he could buy with the spirit stones he had.
The next day when Jiang Hao went to the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw a young person at the entrance. He seemed to be even a bit younger than him.
He was dressed neatly. There was still a trace of childishness on his face. A middle-aged man followed beside him. The two seemed to be deep in conversation. The young man nodded attentively.
Jiang Hao recognized the middle-aged man. It was the Cliff Master, Ku Wu Chang. Jiang Hao didn’t want to interrupt but the young man saw him. So, Jiang Hao walked to them and bowed to the Cliff Master.
“Greetings, Master Ku Wu Chang,” he said.
Ku Wu Chang turned to Jiang Hao and seemed to pause as though he was thinking of something. “You came just in time,” he said. “Can you help this Junior Brother familiarize himself with the Spirit Herb Garden? He is new so he isn’t very familiar with everything.”
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao respectfully. He was the one who practically managed everything in the Spirit Herb Garden, after all. As for the Cliff Master, Jiang Hao didn’t care if he was thinking about the 1000 spirit stones he had owed to the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. He just had to work hard to survive. He did not really have any expectations from anyone.
He was already lucky enough that he wasn’t stabbed even once in the Devil Sect. He had to be practical.
“Hello,” he greeted the Junior disciple as the Cliff Master left. “I am Jiang Hao. I am temporarily handling everything in the Spirit Herb Garden.”
He realized that this was the genius disciple that Liu Xingchen had mentioned. Early Foundation Establishment Stage, eighteen or nineteen years old. If it was just based on his talent, he was indeed formidable.
Jiang Hao was curious, so he appraised the junior.