Chapter 29 Madness
When they entered the Devil’s Den, they had expected it to be a dark and gloomy cave. But they were surprised to see a bright sky inside the den.
In the sky, light moved like water waves. It was vast and boundless. The ground was no different from how it was outside. There were mountains, rivers, lands, flowers and trees. They walked at the edge of a forest. They could see a beam of light in front of them that rose to the sky.
It seemed like stars were falling from the light. It was a marvelous sight.
“The core of the Devil’s Den,’ thought Jiang Hao. He had done his reading of the records of the sect. The core was the place where the demon dwellers were sealed. No one was allowed near it.
“This is my first time coming to the Devil’s Den. I didn’t expect the environment to be so beautiful,” Xin Yuyue of the Thunder Fire Peak said in surprise.
“Yeah, the place is quite beautiful, but the danger is high as well,” said Lou Feng, smirking at Jiang Hao. “I heard that if you die here, even the Law Enforcement Hall won’t come to investigate.”
Jiang Hao lowered his eyes. Lou Feng was threatening him. Jiang Hao calmed himself. The more they provoked him, the calmer he had to be. Otherwise, this would escalate into a disaster.
First, he had to find the demon dwellers and kill one of them. Planting spirit herbs and killing demonic beasts were similar. They both gave off bubbles.
“It’s a little too calm.” Zheng Shijiu looked around and frowned.
“It’s indeed a little too quiet. Usually, demon dwellers would already attack by now,” said Qing Xue.
The five of them walked deeper into the forest. Jiang Hao looked around vigilantly. His perception should only be slightly weaker than Qing Xue of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. But he didn’t dare to show it.
Jiang Hao looked to the left. There was some movement there.
Qing Xue warned, “It’s coming!’
Whoosh!
Boom!
The huge rock smashed, and a huge pit formed on the ground. They scrambled to take cover from the falling rocks. A flame surged towards the rock.
Bang!
MO
Xin Yuyue had made her move. Her power was formidable. Jiang Hao noticed that she was about to advance to the Middle Foundation establishment Stage.
Roar! An angry roar came from the explosion. Three burly figures rushed over.
When they got close, Jiang Hao saw them clearly. They were like orangutans, and their bodies were covered with hair. Their faces were ferocious.
Jiang Hao rushed forward. From his estimation, the creatures should only have the strength of someone in the early Foundation Establishment Stage. He swung his blade and leaped in front of the first demon, slashing at
it.
The blade slashed past, and sparks appeared. But there was no damage.
Jiang Hao was shocked. He gave up on the blade and jumped behind the demon. He pulled out his dagger and stabbed it in the neck. It was very difficult to push the dagger into its neck. But finally, when he succeeded, blood gushed out.
Roar! The demon roared. Jiang Hao stabbed the dagger into the demon’s neck again and pierced through it. The demon fell to the ground. Twp bubbled emerged from its body and fused into Jiang Hao.
[ lifeblood + 1]
( cultivation + 1]
This was the first time he had killed a beast and gotten bubbles out of it. He looked at the other two demons. There were no more bubbles.
“Looks like Junior Brother loves stabbing at someone’s neck,” said Lou Feng with a smile, who had cut another demon in half.
“Senior Brother, you’re joking! The Demon’s body is harder than expected, but its neck is slightly weaker,” Jiang Hao replied softly.
There had been some information in the records, but this creature had skin harder than recorded. After carefully reviewing the battle, Jiang Hao realized that if he wanted to break through the demon dwellers’ defense, he could use the Demonic Sound Slash.
It would be dangerous if there were too many of them. There was another requirement. He needed to kill at least fifty demons before he could safely walk out of the Devil’s Den. Otherwise, these people from heavenly Joy pavilion would not let him walk out of here alive.
“So, the neck is their weakness.” Xin Yuyue stabbed the demon’s neck with her sword. “It’s easy to kill them if their neck is severed.”
“We must be careful. The demon dwellers attacked us so suddenly. It means this place is their territory. There were three of them together. Maybe they attack in groups,” said Zheng Shijiu.
“It just so happens that we can clear them out together. Once we finish them off in groups, we can find the lone ones,” Qing Xue said coldly. She walked forwards. The others followed. Jiang Hao followed, too. He was thinking about how to kill more demons.
Soon, they met the demon dwellers again. This time, there were four of them, and one of them was in the Middle Foundation Establishment Stage. Jiang Hao ignored that one and killed the other three.
He stabbed one with his dagger and went straight for the other two. Everyone seemed willing to let him fight.
Jiang Hao received three air bubbles.
[ cultivation + 1]
( Lifeblood + 1]
( Lifeblood + 1]
‘Looks like the harvest isn’t too stable. The number of kills has to increase.’ Jiang Hao’s heart sank. He wasn’t as optimistic now.
After that, he went all out to kill the demon dwellers. A month passed just like that. During this month, they all moved together. This also helped Jiang Hao be safe.. The Heavenly Joy Pavilion wouldn’t try to kill him in front of the others.
( cultivation + 1]
Looking at the demon dwellers lying in front of him, Jiang Hao felt that things were getting worse. It had been a month, and he had met many demon dwellers every day. However, the number of bubbles became fewer and fewer.
It was not only because there were fewer demon dwellers now, but also because Lou Feng would not let him kill so many.
When Lou Feng saw that Jiang Hao was going all out to kill demons, he did the same too. He did not even hide his cultivation level anymore.
Jiang Hao knew why Lou Feng was doing this. If there were very few demon dwellers, then there would be no choice but for them to split
up.
His lifeblood and cultivation were still short of a hundred:
[ Lifeblood: 95/100(can be cultivated)]
( cultivation: 96/100(can be cultivated)]