Chapter 30 Junior Brother Jiang Will Probably Stay in The Devil’s Den Forever
Roar!
Another devil appeared. Jiang Hao rushed to make his move, but Lou Feng beat him to it.
A slash and then boom! The Devil was killed on the spot. Jiang Hao could only watch.
“Junior Brother Jiang seems very keen on killing these demons. Me too! It’s just that I want to find out who can kill more,” said Lou Feng with a smile. His smile was full of malice.
Jiang Hao had appraised Lou Feng on the second day they were at the Devil’s Den. He wasn’t here for Heavenly Joy Pavilion. He was here for Senior Sister Yun Ruo. He had been madly in love with her. And now he sought revenge for her death.
“Why is Junior Brother so silent?” Lou Feng’s eyes were filled with ferocity and bloodlust.
‘His hatred is becoming stronger. At this rate, it would be very easy for him to lose control,’ worried Jiang Hao.
He wasn’t the only one worried. Zheng Shijiu was worried too. If Lou Feng lost his mind, he might kill everyone present.
Lou Feng was at the Late Foundation Establishment Stage. Xin YuYue was also wary. Even if she could try and restrain Lou Feng, it might not be enough because the difference in their strength was too great.
“It’s been long since the demon dwellers have reduced in numbers. Let’s split up and find them,” said Qing Xue suddenly.
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief, including Jiang Hao. He was very worried. If Lou Feng made a move, Qing Xue would join him without doubt.
His cultivation was about to be full. There shouldn’t be any problem for him to advance. He just needed a little more time. Although splitting up was dangerous, Jiang Hao felt that it could give him time for a breakthrough
Zheng Shijiu knew about the animosity between Jiang Hao and the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. Hedidn’t want to be dragged into it.The risk was too high.
“Does anyone have any objections?” Qing Xue asked again.
“Junior Brother Jiang, what do you think?” Zheng Shijiu asked Jiang Hao.
“I think it’s a good idea,” said Jiang Hao calmly.
Zheng Shijiu was impressed by his calm demeanor despite the threat Lou Feng posed to him. On the other hand, Lou Feng smiled like a predator that could finally have its fill.
“Then which direction does Junior Brother want to go?” Zheng Shijiu let Jiang Hao choose first. “Let’s not go in the same direction. We can clear the den much faster that way.”
After agreeing on the final meeting place, Jiang Hao headed straight inside. The first choice had its pros and cons. It was a good thing that Zheng Shijiu was watching so no one could follow him in the same direction. But it also meant everyone knew which direction he went in. He had to walk fast. After making sure that no one could see him, he changed directions and sped away.
After Jiang Hao left, Zheng Shijiu looked at the two from Heavenly Joy pavilion. They didn’t waste any time in choosing a direction.
“I heard that Senior Brother Zheng is dissatisfied with the people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. Why didn’t you settle the matter?” Xin Yuyue asked with a smile.
Zheng Shijiu sighed. “It’s not that I don’t want to, but I am no match for them. One of them is at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage and the other is in the late stage.”
“The Heavenly Joy Pavilion is really shameless,” Xin Yuyue said disdainfully.
“The Heavenly Joy Pavilion is angry, but the Cliff of Broken Hearts isn’t too weak either. But I think this time the Heavenly Joy Pavilion will be the winner. I heard Junior Brother Jiang relied on fortuitous encounter to advance and he is only an inner sect disciple,” said Zheng Shijiu regretfully.
“True,” said Xin Yuyue. “All five of us won’t be returning together, are we?”
“I have a feeling it’s only going to be four people who will be returning,” said Zheng Shijiu. “Junior brother Jiang might … be staying here.”
“So, there really is no escape for him?” asked Xin Yuyue.
“I don’t think so,” said Zheng Shijiu sadly. “Those two from the heavenly Joy Pavilion seem very violent. I think they are already chasing Jiang Hao.” He paused for a while. “Junior Sister, are you coming with me or going by yourself?”
“Thank you for your consideration, Senior Brother. I want to train myself,” Xin Yuyue refused politely with a smile.
“Alright,” said Zheng Shijiu, choosing a direction for himself. “See you in a month.”
Xin Yuyue despised Heavenly Joy Pavilion. They weren’t good people. Ice Moon Valley was hard to figure out. She didn’t want to put herself in danger.
As for Jiang Hao, she could do nothing about it. His cultivation was weak, and he had offended a strong enemy. Perhaps it was better for him to die early. It would save him a lot of pain in the future.
Jiang Hao used his fastest speed to go all the way inside. When he encountered the demon dwellers, he did not make a move. He deliberately left them there so that he would not be easily discovered.
The next day, he stopped by the lake. After traveling nonstop for a day, he felt that he had bought some time. He needed to kill a few demons to obtain enough cultivation and lifeblood. Then he could try and advance to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to fight against those from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
Roar!
A demon rushed out of the lake. It had the strength of the Middle Foundation Establishment Stage. Jiang Hao killed it in one slash.
Then, he picked up the air bubble.
( cultivation + 1]
‘Only one.’
He continued on his journey. Every time he saw the pillar of light with stars falling out of it, he was in awe. But he didn’t dare go near it. The number of demons was increasing. It took him three days to gather enough air bubbles.
After killing the last demon dweller, Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief.
His lifeblood and cultivation were finally full.
( Lifeblood: 100/100(can be cultivated)]
[ cultivation: 100/100(can be cultivated)]
‘It’s time to find a place to advance.’
Somewhere else, Lou Feng saw the demon dweller’s corpse/ he looked up from the lakeside with a dark gleam in his eyes. “Found you.”