Chapter 31 Finally Found
“He can really run.” Lou Feng stopped at the lakeside and looked at the demon’s corpse. It had been easy to find him these few days.
He hadn’t expected Jiang Hao to run this far and this fast. Fortunately, he was prepared and brought a treasure to look for him. As long as there was a trace, he could track him within a day.
He took out the treasure compass and began to search around, looking for more traces. Lou Feng found something, and he headed in that direction. Behind him, Qing Xue followed.
Jiang Hao had run so far that it surprised them. Jiang Hao had been keen on killing as many demon dwellers as possible. Lou Fen didn’t know why but he was determined to make Jiang Hao fail at all costs.
‘Was it his goal to exhaust me?’ thought Lou Feng. After he followed the trail for a while, he realized Jiang Hao wasn’t there anymore. He had run far away again.
Gauging from the corpses of the demon dwellers, they had been dead for a day or two.
“Something’s wrong.” Lou Feng frowned. “At this speed, he can completely hide from us. Why is he killing the demon dwellers?” ‘Does he want to draw people to him? Or is he after something from the demon dwellers? What could he want so badly from them that he risks being found out?’
Lou Feng felt the need to find Jiang Hao as soon as possible. He had a feeling that something bad was going to happen. Since he had made a move, he needed to eliminate all future troubles.
That night, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged in the giant tree. This was the only safe place he had found at the last minute. Mountain peaks were rare in the Devil’s Den. And there were no caves. The best hiding place was inside the tree.
He was trying hard to break through to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage. If he couldn’t do it even after accumulating a hundred cultivation and lifeblood, the coming days would be fraught with dangers to his life.
Those two of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion were far from stupid. They would find him within a day or two. If they found him, Jiang Hao would be fighting against a late stage and another at the peak of Foundation Establishment Stage. Chances of his escape to safety weren’t high. He hoped he could make that breakthrough.
He felt that the chance of him breaking through was high. He had a hundred cultivation and lifeblood which he hadn’t used yet.
The purple mist guided his lifeblood and spiritual energy, trying to break through the barrier to the peak. Jiang Hao calmed himself and let everything fall into his energy center.
The cultivation and lifeblood in the interface constantly changed. The number had dropped from 100 to 27. If he couldn’t breakthrough till the number reached zero, then it would be impossible for him to reach the peak today.
He suddenly heard movement outside. He ignored it. he had to focus all his energy to advance before he was discovered.
Outside, Lou Feng was walking in the forest. He had used all his strength and speed to reach here. But he didn’t discover much.
‘Did I take the wrong direction?’ he suspected.
He used all sorts of tracking methods and techniques. All pointed to this place. The direction was right. But where was the person he was looking for?
He kept moving forward, always keeping an eye on his surroundings. Qing Xue followed behind to avoid getting ambushed by surprise. They had noticed Jiang Hao’s speed. It was almost abnormal. They were on their guards.
“Where would someone hide in a forest?” muttered Qing Xue. “Bushes? Trees?”
“Trees?” Lou Feng began to observe the surrounding trees more carefully.
He senses a tree radiating spiritual energy. It looked like an ordinary tree but there was something different about it. Lou Feng was overjoyed. But he had his doubts. It seemed that whoever was hiding was trying to make a breakthrough
Lou Feng had to interrupt him no matter what. He swung his broadsword. Clang!
“Doge if you can!” cried Lou Feng madly and swung at the tree with his broadsword. The large tree was split in two. He saw Jiang Hao. Lou Feng aimed straight for the space between Jiang Hao’s eyebrows. He wanted to split Jiang Hao in two.
However, when the blade was about to hit Jiang Hao, a phantom armor stopped the attack. Clang!
The blade and the armor collided, evenly matched.
“A protective treasure?” Lou Feng was shocked. Lou Feng wanted to try again and use all his strength to break through the armor.
Jiang Hao, who had been sitting there with his eyes closed, suddenly opened them and looked at Lou Feng. Their eyes met as golden light shone. A powerful aura erupted from Jiang Hao’s body.
He had reached the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage.
‘How is that possible?’ thought a shocked Lou Feng. He turned pale.
Jiang Hao didn’t give him any time to contemplate. He extended his hand and his Shadow Blade appeared in it. He slashed using the Demonic Sound Slash technique.
Even though Lou Feng was already on defense, the slash sent him flying backwards. Bang!
He directly crashed into a large tree. His blade was broken. His palm was sleek with blood. But he was still alive.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. He was happy that he had managed to injure his opponent to buy himself some more time. He got up and looked at Qing Xue. It wasn’t good for the two of them to fight together. They had to end the battle as soon as possible.
Qing Xue thought the same. She charged at Jiang Hao with her long sword in hand. Her cold and elegant sura surged. Jiang Hao was able to ignore it, thanks to the Gu poison. Otherwise, it would have distracted him.
He brandished his Shadow Blade and charged.
Clang!
Their blades collided. The light of her long sword and the darkness from the Shadow Blade radiated in every direction. In the dark night, the two of them launched their attacks. Neither wanted to retreat.
Boom!
A powerful force forced them to separate. Qing Xue shouted at Lou Feng, “Hurry, let’s attack together, He just leveled up. So, he can’t hold it for long.”
Qing Xue realized that she could not take down Jiang Hao alone. She, too, had just leveled up so her powers were still a little unstable. If they didn’t band together, both of them would end up dead.