Chapter 32 Kill the Enemy
Lou Feng looked at Jiang Hao in disbelief. But he didn’t have time to think too much about it. He had to listen to Qing Xue if he wanted to kill him.
He spat out a mouthful of his blood essence. The drops of blood that fell from his body were scorching hot and it rushed towards Jiang Hao. Meanwhile, Qing Xue wasted no time and charged at Jiang Hao with her sword again.
Jiang Hao tried to dodge the propelling drops of sizzling blood while trying to defend himself against Qing Xue’s attacks.
The blood dripped down like raindrops. The sword’s intent was too cold and powerful.
Boom! The blood exploded on the ground, creating a big pit.
Bang! The sword slashed across, and the trees were shattered.
In the darkness, the long sword and the Shadow Blade met and lit up the air. It was a battle of life and death.
Jiang Hao tried to hold out as much as possible. But he felt like he would be defeated soon. He ignored the blood and turned to Qing Xue. He used the Demonic Sound Slash and swung at her.
Qing Xue used her strongest technique to defend herself. Boom!
The two swords clashed, and the power swept through the surroundings making a huge halo. The two were in a heated battle.
Lou Feng launched a blood attack again and realized that most of it was blocked by Jiang Hao’s magic treasure. He didn’t hesitate. He spat a mouthful of his blood on his broadsword to imbue it with more destructive power. He then approached Jiang Hao at an impossible speed to attack.
Jiang Hao was defending against Qing Xue’s attack while Lou Feng ambushed him from the other side. Jiang Hao calmed himself. He looked at Lou Fend and directed a little of the purple lifeblood mist towards him. The broadsword responded.
Jiang Hao turned his head to avoid Lou Feng’s attack. Then, he raised his hand and lightly knocked the broadsword with the back of his finger. The purple lifeblood had already spread to the tips of his fingers.
Crack! The broadsword broke in the middle.
As the broadsword fell from his hand, Lou Feng realized he was in danger. He saw a purple energy striking his chest with force. The force was too powerful. It hit his chest and shattered his ribs, crushing his internal organs.
Lou Feng spat out fresh blood and fell heavily on the ground. Jiang Hao turned to Qing Xue. He had circulated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra to the extreme, and purple energy covered his entire body. Even the Shadow Blade was encased in it.
He moved his blade, and a powerful force erupted from it. With a boom, Qing Xue was forced back.
However, before his opponent could land on the ground, Jiang Hao brandished the Shadow Blade, now covered in purple energy. He used the Demonic Sound Slash along with the purple energy.
The shadow of the blade whistled past and penetrated Qing Xue’s body. She fell to the ground. She looked at Jiang Hao in disbelief. ‘How is he so strong?’
Her long sword lay broken. Cracks appeared on her body draining her lifeforce. Lou Feng was terrified watching all this unfold before his eyes. He struggled to get up and run. But only a few steps away, a knife pierced through his neck and nailed him to the tree. Jiang Hao had thrown the Shadow Blade at him.
“If we die here, everyone will know it was you who killed us,” said Qing Xue. Her eyes were full of hatred.
“Maybe,” said Jiang Hao. “But I remember you saying no one investigates deaths in the Devil’s Den?”
Jiang Hao took out ten of the Ten Thousand Sword Talismans he had packed with him. Each of them had the power of the Foundation Establishment Stage. He divided the talismans into two groups, seven in one and three in other.
Then, he attacked Qing Xue and Lou Feng. The ten thousand swords multiplied by even more and charged at the two people. Their corpses were completely shredded. Those two from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion were dead.
Jiang Hao spat out a mouthful of blood after the fight ended. He had forced the breakthrough and now his body was injured and strained. When he had forced the Hong meng Sutra to activate, it had added to his injuries.
If he wasn’t severely injured, he wouldn’t have used his talismans. But he was glad the crisis was over, and he was still alive. He sat cross-legged on the ground and tried to heal his injuries.
But a few demon dwellers approached. They must have been alerted by the sound of the recent fight. Here were five of them.
Jiang Hao sighed. He was really in trouble.
A month later, near the Devil’s den, Zheng Shijiu of the Ice Moon Valley waited for the others to arrive. He held a paper fan in his hand and looked into the distance, lost in his thoughts.
“Senior Brother, you are early,” said Xin Yuyue of the Thunder Fire Peak as she sheathed her sword and walked to the entrance where they had all decided to gather.
There were a lot of useful things in the Devil’s Den, if you knew where to look. She had encountered some of those things. It had been a thrilling experience.She had already earned enough for this sect mission, excluding the reward.
Zheng Shijiu smiled. “Seems like Junior Sister had encountered a lot of opportunities. I didn’t have much luck. I only found some small, unremarkable things.”
“Senior Brother, you’re just being modest. I didn’t encounter many demon dwellers along the way. In fact, I didn’t even see one when I was walking here. That should count as a successful mission, right?”
Zheng Shijiu nodded. “Yeah, I didn’t encounter too many as well.”
Xin Yuyue also looked into the distance. “Senior Brother, do you think Junior Brother Jiang will come back?”
“I don’t think so.” Zheng Shijiu shook his head sadly. “I found their tracks. Lou Feng and Qing Xue were moving together. Those three must have met at one point. Junior Brother Jiang’s survival seems unlikely, especially facing a late stage and another at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage.”
Xin Yuyue sighed. “I guess it couldn’t be helped. We don’t really know what’s going on either. But what if Junior brother Jiang does return?”
“Impossible.” Zheng Shijiu shook his head.
“But let’s say he does. What would happen then?” asked Xin Yuyue.
“Then that will not be good,” said Zheng Shijiu in a low voice.