Chapter 33 The Formidable Junior Brother Jiang
“Why would that be bad?” asked Xin Yuyue with furrowed brows.
“Because” said Zheng Shijiu, looking into the distance. “If three of them did meet, there must have been an intense fight. It isn’t strange for those two from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion to return. They are more powerful than Junior Brother. But… if he does return to us here, what do you think would have happened?”
“That those from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion might have… failed?” said Xin Yuyue.
“It’s not as simple as that. If, under any circumstance, Junior Brother Jiang returns, it would mean that he killed the other two,” said Zheng Shijiu.
“That’s impossible. How could someone in the Early Foundation Establishment Stage kill another of late and peak stage?” Xin Yuyue felt that it sounded close to impossible.
“That’s right. If it happens, wouldn’t that be a disaster? It would mean Junior Brother Jiang has some special ability to even subdue someone in the late and peak stage. Someone more powerful than him. Do you think he would let us off if he thought we posed a threat?” said Zheng Shijiu. “You are in your early stage, and I am in the late stage. If he killed those two, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to get rid of us either.”
As he finished his words, Xin Yuyue looked to the side, terrified. She nudged Zheng Shijiu. “S-Senior Brother, look!” she said nervously.
Zheng Shijiu turned his head to look where she indicated. He did not understand why she was so scared. But as he turned, he saw a young man walking out of the forest. His footsteps were steady and he looked calm.
Zheng Shijiu’s pupils were constricted. His heart pounded as though something bad was going to happen any minute.
“Senior Brother, what should we do?” Xin Yuyue asked in a low voice.
If they hadn’t discussed the possibility of Jiang Hao being able to kill people stronger than him, she wouldn’t have been worried about it. But now, she felt like she would be attacked any minute.
The young man walking towards them was Jiang Hao, completely healed from his injuries.
“Don’t be nervous. Keep a distance from him. We can’t stay in the Devil’s Den. The faster we leave, the safer it will be. Don’t get too close to him. As long as we can run, it will be ok,” said Zheng Shijiu .
Jiang Hao reached them. Zheng Shijiu smiled at him as he moved away a little. “Junior Brother Jiang, did you get anything this time?”
“The demon dwellers are mostly cleared,” Jiang Hao replied.
He found the two of them a little different from before. They seemed to be on their guard against something. He slowly understood the reason for their reaction. He had returned but the other two had not. It obviously looked suspicious since they knew those two had been targeting Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao did not care. He had no intention of picking a fight with them as long as they didn’t attack him. Besides, there was no evidence of the fight with those from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. Nobody knew what had happened anyway,
As for killing these two to silence them…
It seemed like a bad idea. It would cause too many suspicions unnecessarily.
“Are the Senior Brother and Sister of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion still not back?” Jiang Hao asked.
“They must have been delayed by something,” said Xin Yuyue.
“Then we don’t have to wait. Let’s go,” Zheng Shijiu said with a smile.
Under normal circumstances, he would have urged to stay back for a day or two to wait for them. But he couldn’t care about them now. The longer they stayed here, the more dangerous it would be.
“Yeah. They aren’t children. They will return on their own after completing the mission,” Xin Yuyue added.
Jiang Hao nodded in agreement. He had been in the Devil’s Den for more than two months now. He was worried about the state of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The three of them walked out of the Devil’s Den. Zheng Shijiu and Xin Yuyue heaved a sigh of relief when they were finally outside. Outside the Devil’s Den, it wasn’t allowed to kill fellow disciples. Their deaths would be investigated.
However, they didn’t relax completely. It was so strange that the one they needed to be careful of the most was the young man they had looked down on.
After bidding farewell to the two of them, Jiang Hao handed in his mission. In the future, people would visit the Devil’s Den to make sure how many demon dwellers were cleared. Once they were certain, rewards would be handed out.
As for the discovery of the dead bodies, Jiang Hao did not care. They would soon be food for the remaining demons. If the Law Enforcement Hall didn’t investigate the Devil’s Den, no one had the evidence to condemn him.
But he wasn’t sure what Liu Xingchen would do. He hoped he wouldn’t go and investigate by himself.
Jiang Hao had already cleared the scene. Technically, there was nothing left to be found.
After leaving the mountain where the Law Enforcement Hall was located, Jiang Hao decided to visit the Cliff Master before he returned to his house.
His master was a little surprised to find him safe and sound. But he nodded in good faith and didn’t probe further.
Jiang Hao finally walked home. It had been two months since he had been here. The moment he saw his small garden, he noticed that there were two blue bubbles on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
( cultivation + 1]
[ lifeblood + 1]
The Snow Lotus didn’t have any bubbles yet. It looked a little wilted. The Blue Lotus was on the verge of withering away. Jiang Hao watered the plants.
‘Looks like no one visited. Maybe the traitors are actually scared to even show themselves.’ He checked his surroundings and heaved a sigh of relief.
He rested for a while. He then took out his Shadow Blade to check. The blade was already filled with cracks. Although it had been useful in killing Qing Xue, the blade had reached its limit.
‘The reward this time can’t compare to this magic treasure.’ Jiang Hao shook his head and placed the sword in a corner. It was just for decoration now.
He opened his interface and checked his current state:
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 20)
(Cultivation: Peak Foundation Establishment Stage]
(Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra ]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (Unique), Daily Appraisal, Clear And Pure Heart ]
(Lifeblood: 9/100(cannot be cultivated)]
(Cultivation: 11/100(can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 1/3(cannot be obtained)]
‘It has only been about nine months since I built my foundation, and I have already completed it. This is the first time I feel that the Golden Core Realm is right in front of me.’