Chapter 34 The Demoness Again
After killing the two people from the Heaven’s Joy Pavilion, Jiang Hao consolidated his cultivation. He also used all of his remaining cultivation and lifeblood. If he had to fight them now, he could do it very easily.
In the last month that he spent in the Devil’s Den, it had been very difficult to meet any demon dwellers. His cultivation and lifeblood hadn’t received much replenishment. The biggest gain from this mission was that he had completed his Foundation establishment Stage.
It would provide him with some stability for a short while. As long as he stayed here and continued with his routine, he would become stronger. His confidence was because of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
He looked at the flower and its two tender leaves. Jiang Hao sighed. The flower gave him opportunities, but it also brought his dangers. He didn’t know when it would be over.
Jiang Hao stared at the flower and evaluated his shortcomings. The armor had helped him immensely. Because of it, he wasn’t lacking in defense. But he still didn’t have any magical spells and treasure that could be used for offense.
The power of the Demonic Sound Slash wasn’t bad, but a better master might not necessarily be willing to teach him more about it. The inner sect was after all an inner sect.
He needed to think of a way to get a better one.
‘Magic treasures…!
It was better to use a knife. It was quite convenient. He wanted to buy a new one but for that he needed to reach the Golden Core Realm.
It would cost almost 1000 spirit stones. He didn’t have that much. He was still poor. He needed to make more talismans and earn more.
Seven days after returning from the Devil’s Den, Liu Xingchen sent him the reward for the mission completion. It was a total of 300 spirit stones.
Liu Xingchen also told him that the two people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion hadn’t returned so he needed to ask some questions.
“Just formalities, Junior Brother. If you know anything, please tell me the truth so that I can provide an explanation to the Heavenly Joy Pavilion,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Of course, Senior Brother. Ask away,” said Jiang Hao, maintaining a neutral expression.
“Junior Brother, tell me about your experience in the Devil’s Den,” said Liu Xingchen walking to the courtyard of Jiang Hao’s house.
“In the beginning, we progressed together for safety. But after a month or so, the number of demon dwellers greatly decreased, so we all decided to part ways, take different directions and work separately. So, hunting the demon dwellers was the only thing I had time for,” said JiangHao.
Liu Xingchen turned to look at Jiang Hao. “Have you seen the two from the Heaven’s Joy Pavilion?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “Actually, I deliberately avoided them. So, I didn’t meet them except when we started from here.”
Liu Xingchen nodded and smiled. “Then that’s all I needed to ask. The Heavenly Joy Pavilion is suspicious of you but without evidence, they won’t take the risk. During this period, Junior Brother can cultivate peacefully at the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Goodbye.”
Liu Xingchen left. As Jiang Hao watched him leave, he used his ability to appraise him once again:
(Liu Xingchen: a True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon and a cultivation base at the Peak of the Golden Core Realm. Nothing better to do than to spy on the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. The reason he is on good terms with you is because he wants to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. He seriously suspects that you killed the three people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, and he has developed a strong interest in you.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. Although coming under the radar of Liu Xingchen made him distressed, he wasn’t a threat for now. ‘Liu Xingchen must have been telling the truth when he saidI could cultivate peacefully.’
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, he could accumulate his cultivation and become stronger without threats from others.
It had been a month since Jiang Hao had returned from the Devil’s Den. Han Ming came looking for him.
“Senior Brother, we meet again!” Han Ming smiled at Jiang Hao.
“Junior Brother, what brings you here?” asked Jiang Hao, puzzled. Han Ming’s cultivation base surprised him.
It was indeed drastically useful to have an inheritance in the Middle Foundation Establishment Stage. Han Ming had advanced so quickly.
“Senior Brother, have you forgotten? I wanted to spar with you. I’m already prepared.” Han Ming looked eager. “Do you want to spar in private or in public?”
Jiang Hao just remembered. “In private would be better.” Nobody would be there to see him so it wouldn’t matter how he lost.
“What about the time?” Han Ming asked.
“Tomorrow,” Jiang Hao said after thinking for a while.
Today, he would sell his talismans and figure out a way to lose so it looked the least suspicious. He also needed to buy a better set of materials to make talismans. He had already learnt to make twelve types of talismans. Out of the nine talismans, three were just supplementary and not very useful.
For example, cleaning talismans, strength talismans, and pain-relieving talismans were not really sought after.
Cleaning talismans used spiritual energy to keep the clothes clean. Not many liked to use strength talismans. Pain-relieving talismans had only minor healing effects.
He didn’t make much of those.
“Okay, I’ll look for Senior Brother tomorrow morning. How about we do it by the stream?” Han Ming asked.
Jiang Hao nodded his agreement. Han Ming left thinking that after tomorrow, he wouldn’t need the Senior Brother anymore. Jiang Hao watched him leave, indifferent to the somewhat insolent attitude by his junior.
He was just relieved that Han Ming would leave him alone after tomorrow. That would be good for everyone concerned.
“Do you really want to lose to him?”
A sweet and cold voice suddenly sounded behind Jiang Hao. He turned to see the woman in red standing in the courtyard. She was looking at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao flower with her brows lowered.
Even her side profile was beautiful. Jiang Hao walked to the courtyard and bowed.
“Greetings, Senior.”
Although he despised her visits, she was the only person who made him feel like a normal human. Gu poison was quite harmful. But it helped him many times. It had saved him from Yun Ruo’s enchantments and also from those two of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. It had kept his mind unaffected.
“You seem to be afraid of being in the limelight.” Hong Yuye turned around and looked straight at Jiang Hao.