Chapter 35 Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade
Jiang Hao was worried about being in the limelight. In the Devil’s Sect, he wasn’t valued much. If he was strong, it would be fine, but he was still weak.
He just wanted to cultivate peacefully without unwanted attention from others. The outcome of the sparring match with Han Ming was of no consequence to him.
But he couldn’t tell her all this. So, he said, “Planting a flower as important as the one here, I don’t dare attract unnecessary attention.”
Hong Yuye chuckled. “What’s your cultivation level?”
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage,” Jiang Hao replied.
Hong Yuye walked to a corner and looked at him. “I thought you were an honest man, but it seems I was mistaken. A good man can never lie so calmly.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and didn’t say anything. He didn’t know if she was deliberately provoking him. When facing someone as monstrously strong as her, silence was the best method.
Hong Yuye turned to look at Jiang Hao. “I’ll give you another chance. Tell me what your cultivation level is.”
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage,” said Jiang Hao again.
Whoosh!
Hong Yuye frowned. An invisible force whistled like a gale, striking Jiang Hao. He crashed onto the wall unable to withstand it.
He was really curious about this woman’s cultivation level.
Hong Yuye snorted derisively. “Fine. I will take that answer for now.”
Jiang Hao exhaled. He wondered whether she could see through his concealment.
“You use a saber?” Hong Yuye picked up the Shadow Blade.
“I do intend to.” Jiang Hao nodded. He did want to focus on sword techniques in the future.
“I’ve met quite a few people. They all practice with the swords instead.” Hong Yuye calmly looked at Jiang Hao. “You don’t practice with a sword?”
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Why?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I’m a disciple of the Devil Sect. Practicing with the sword makes people think of disciples of the Immortal School. That’s why it’s good to place the Dharma treasure on the saber instead,” Jiang Hao replied.
When he talked about the immortal sect, he usually thought about the fluttering white clothes and the long swords. There were all kinds of strange dharma treasures in the demonic sect.
Hong Yuye sneered and walked into the room. She sat at a table. “You are not very much valued in the Heavenly Note Sect, are you?”
Jiang Hao followed her in. He lowered his head and did not say anything. It was true. He wasn’t really valued. He was just… passable.
As for the Heavenly Joy Pavilion…
One day, when he surpassed them, he would definitely make a trip there.
Hong Yuye continued, “There are neither powerful magic treasures nor powerful spells that are of any consequence.”
“There are still very powerful magic treasures,” Jiang Hao retorted.
He was referring to one of the Nine Heavenly Battle Armors on his body. Although this item was only a Foundation Establishment magic treasure, it was part of a set. If all parts were gathered, it would be quite powerful.
Jere
Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao for some time. “I have a saber technique here. Do you want it?”
“What conditions do you have, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked curiously. It was impossible for her to give it to him for free.
“Aren’t you going to spar with someone tomorrow? If you win, I will give you the technique,” she said and looked at him with a smirk.
Jiang Hao didn’t respond instantly. He was thinking of what he would gain from the offer and what else he would lose. ‘What will happen to Han Ming if I win?’
He would definitely pester Jiang Hao. It would raise suspicion. But it wasn’t impossible to explain. Devil’s Den provided many opportunities. He was there for two months. So, it wasn’t strange for him to become stronger at that time. But would the Cliff Master believe him?
There was a certain risk. ‘Should I refuse and give up on the saber technique?’
He recalled the secret manual she had given him. It had helped him a lot. The things that this woman had given him had always come in handy.
He made up his mind. He would win the sparring match and obtain the saber technique. Then, he would push all the blame to the Devil’s Den for the increase in his strength.
“Alright.” Jiang Hao agreed.
He didn’t know when he would be able to obtain a good saber technique. He couldn’t learn any of the techniques in Hong Meng’s Heart Sutra. He could not pick up anything above purple bubbles unless he obtained another Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower seed. That was impossible. He could only seize the opportunity that he was presented with.
“You are quite decisive.” Hong Yuye was bored and threw the book on the table. She then walked out of the house like a gust of wind. “If I see that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower has not grown in any way the next time I come, I will hold you responsible.”
She disappeared without a trace after that. Jiang Hao bowed respectfully.
After she was gone, he picked up the book. This time there was a title on the cover of the book. He wasn’t in a hurry to read it. He glanced at the courtyard and saw that the corner where he had placed his Shadow Blade was empty.
‘The woman stole my saber?’ Jiang Hao found it unbelievable that she could do such a thing.
Shaking his head, he opened the ‘Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade’. However, the book was so difficult to understand. The difficulty is much higher than the Demonic Sound Slash. I know the name of the first form!’
The First Form of The Heavenly Blade: Moon-Slaying.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Jiang Hao planned to use his Clear and Pure Heart ability tonight to read the book. But first, he needed to go to the Spirit Herb harden and sell some talismans.
Han Ming returned to his house eager for tomorrow to come. He was around the same age as Jiang Hao and he really wanted to beat him.
After all, he was a True Disciple and Jiang Hao was just an inner sect disciple. As long as he could beat him, Han Ming could call him “Junior Brother’ and nobody would care.
There weren’t so many rules in the Devil sect. If the disciples didn’t kill other disciples and indulge in unnecessary fighting, there wasn’t a problem.