Chapter 36 One Slash Was Enough to Defeat Him
“Junior Brother?” said a tall and handsome man. “Did something happen? You certainly look very happy.”
“Senior Brother Mu,” Han Ming said with a smile. “It’s not that big of a deal. I am just looking for Senior Brother Jiang. He agreed to spar with me.”
“Oh?” Mu Qi said with some interest. “Junior Brother Jiang. He has a quiet personality and only knows how to manage the Spirit Herb Garden. Does he know you have advanced to the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage?”
“I think he does,” said Han Ming. “I didn’t really hide my cultivation. So, he might have noticed.”
“Then Junior Brother, you have to be careful.” Mu Qi kindly warned him. “He just recently came back from the Devil’s den. There are many fortuitous encounters in the Devil Den. He must have found some. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have sparred with you. It’s always better to be careful.”
Senior Brother Mu Qi left after that. Han Ming frowned. There was no chance to win by a fortuitous encounter.
But caution was necessary. As fellow brothers, their age and cultivation were almost the same. Looking down on someone might be a very bad idea. Han Ming decided to be careful but still believed that he could win easily.
The next day.
[ Lifeblood + 1]
[ cultivation level + 1]
[ cultivation level + 1]
( strength + 1]
Jiang Hao absorbed the bubbles and waited at the door of his house. He was waiting for Han Ming.
Yesterday, he went to sell his talismans. But unfortunately, he couldn’t sell much. The profit was less than 100 spirit stones. He had a feeling that he will sell even fewer today.
He decided not to go to the market so frequently. In about three or five days, if he went once, it would be enough. When he finished selling the talismans, he had bought a passable saber for 100 spirit stones. It was a silver-white long saber. He planned to use it to cultivate the First Form of The Heavenly Blade.
The previous night, he had used his ability, Clear and Pure Heart, to understand the first form. The progress wasn’t very significant, and he needed more time to comprehend it.
He wasn’t in a hurry. The Demonic Sound Slash had taken time to learn so he guessed that a style as complicated as Moon-Slaying would take even more time. He needed to be patient.
“Senior Brother!” said Han Ming, walking towards Jiang Hao. He held a spirit sword in his hand. He looked extraordinary.
“Junior brother is really early,” said Jiang Hao. Han Ming really seemed very eager and full of energy.
“I don’t dare to make my Senior Brother wait for too long.” Han Ming smiled. “Where do you want to spar?”
“Here would be fine,” said Jiang Hao.
“Here?” Han Ming looked at Jiang Hao’s house at the back. “Aren’t you worried about damaging your house?”
Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Well, it’s fine with me,” said Han Ming, holding his sword at the ready. “Then I’m sorry for offending you, Senior Brother.”
Zap! Han Ming’s long sword was covered in lightning. Right from the start, he used his strongest move, Heavenly Thunder Sword.
He had listened to Senior Brother Mu Qi’s warning yesterday. He had decided to use his strongest move no matter how weak or strong his opponent was.
Jiang Hao looked at his opponent. His expression didn’t change. He brandished his saber and used the Demonic Sound Slash.
Rumble!
Han Ming swung his word. Heavenly Thunder Sword resisted the Demonic Sound Slash for a while. But the shadow pierced through the Heavenly Thunder Sword in the next moment. There was an explosion and the Heavenly Thunder Sword shattered into pieces.
The shadow surged towards Han Ming. He used his spirit sword to block it. But the force was so high that Han Ming was sent flying backwards. He used his sword to help him stand. His long sword was full of cracks that it pricked at his heart.
Han Ming realized that the difference between them was too vast. It was like heaven and earth.
“Junior Brother Han, thank you for letting me win,” Jiang Hao said politely and withdrew his saber.
He had intended to put on a show of barely winning the match. But he was worried that it would send the wrong message. Those who were slightly stronger than him would approach him with ideas in their heads, and those who were much stronger than him would want to get rid of him easily. Therefore, he decided to defeat Han Ming in one hit.
That way, Jiang Hao thought that he would not be challenged repeatedly. The only drawback was that if the Cliff Master found out, he would be suspicious. But having the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower made him feel at ease.
If there was a problem, he could just say it was because of the flower. If that didn’t work, he would just tell him to meet Elder Baizhi to clear any misunderstanding about the flower.
After a long pause, Han Ming raised his head to look at Jiang Hao. His gaze held a tinge of fear and also reverence for him.
“Senior Brother Jiang, you have already advanced?” he asked bitterly.
“Yes. I had some fortuitous encounters in the Devil’s Den,” said Jiang Hao. “I just got lucky.”
y.
“Thank you for showing mercy, Senior Brother,” Han Ming said gratefully. He could feel that Jiang Hao’s cultivation at the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage was more stable than his.
“This is just a private sparring session,” said Jiang Hao. “I hope Junior Brother won’t take it to heart. I won’t mention this to anyone as well.”
“Thank you, Senior Brother.” Han Ming thanked him before turning around to leave.
As he watched Han Ming leave, Jiang Hao activated his Daily Appraisal ability to evaluate him.
(Han Ming: True Disciple of Heavenly Note Sect’s the Cliff of Broken Hearts. His talent is top-notch. He’s 18 years old and is in the Early Foundation Establishment Stage. He is favored by the spirits of mountains and rivers and has the inheritance of a mighty figure. He was unwilling to be defeated by you. He wanted to defeat you after advancing.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. ‘I hope he knows I am not showing off.’ Shaking his head, Jiang Hao walked to the Spirit Herb Garden. There were a lot of things to do. The heavenly Joy Pavilion and the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower were like a knife hanging above his head.
The only way to safety for him was to become stronger and get rid of those two knives.