Chapter 37 The Man in the Golden Core Realm of The Sunset Sect
[Name: Jiang Hao]
(Age: 20)
(Cultivation: Perfect Foundation establishment]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), daily Appraisal, Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 49/100(cannot be cultivated)]
(Cultivation: 54/100(can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 1/3(cannot be obtained)]
Jiang Hao walked in the Spirit Herb Garden, absorbing the bubbles around him. His strength and spirit were increasing bit by bit. He wanted his days to be this peaceful. But that was wishful thinking. A month later, he felt an unfriendly gaze on him as he tended to the Spirit Herb Garden.
Someone was staring at him. It was very faint, but he could sense it. He turned to see a few disciples in their Lifeblood Refinement Realm collecting some spirit herbs.
They looked unfamiliar.
‘Who are they?’ wondered Jiang Hao. He called over some outer sect disciples who worked in the Spirit Herb Garden to ask them about it.
“Senior Brother, they are from other main sects who are here to help out,” said Cheng Chou.
“Is that so?” Jiang Hao looked at the five people again. “Which bloodlines are they
from?”
The five people did indeed seem to be in their Lifeblood Refinement Realm. But maybe it just seemed like that.
That nameless secret manual had taught him many things. Since Jiang Hao now knew how to successfully conceal his cultivation, he knew how to detect other people’s cultivation level as well. Among those five, one of them had just advanced to the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.
However, that one concealed his cultivation level to make it seem as though he was like at Lifeblood Realm.
Jiang Hao quietly activated his Daily Appraisal ability on the muscular man with a full beard.
(Jinzhou Heng: An inner disciple of the Sunset Sect, undercover in the Thunder Fire Peak. Many years ago, he cultivated together with his Junior Sister, Yun Ruo, and was obsessed with her beauty. When he heard the news of Yun Ruo’s death, he was furious. He broke through to the early stage of the Golden Core Realm and came here to seek revenge even at the cost of his own life.]
The result of the appraisal chilled Jiang Hao to his spine. He didn’t really care about the man’s infatuation with Senior Sister Yun Ruo, but the last line worried him:
“Came here to seek revenge even at the cost of his own life.”
In other words, he didn’t mind killing himself if it meant taking Jiang Hao with him. No matter how strict the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Note Sect, all security would be useless if he had to face him on the sect grounds. He wasn’t afraid of death.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand. What was so good about Yun Ruo? Was she worth risking his life for?
People in the Golden Core realm had long life spans because not everyone wanted to offend them. They also had a high status. So why would they seek their own death?
‘Everyone in the Devil Sect lives an ignoble life,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘But a disciple of an immortal sect was different. He has a bright future ahead of him. Why throw everything away for an infatuation? Is there really no one as beautiful as Senior Sister Yun Ruo? Everyone seems obsessed with her.’
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. “I think some of them are from Thunder Fire Peak,” said Cheng Chou. “There is a list outside, Senior Brother. Do you want to have a look?”
Jiang Hao nodded. He got up and left the Spirit Herb Garden. He didn’t dare to stay inside longer than necessary. He was worried that the man at the Golden Core Realm would attack him suddenly.
Someone at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Stage couldn’t possibly withstand even a few blows from someone in their Golden Core Realm. He didn’t want to take a risk.
His cultivation and lifeblood were about to be fully accumulated. If everything went well, he would be able to attempt to advance in a few days.
However, since the man had already seen him and probably knew his name, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to find Jiang Hao’s house. It was likely that he might attack soon.
‘Since he hasn’t taken any action yet, he probably wants to leave this place alive,’ Jiang Hao thought to himself.
But if the man found him and killed him in the dead of night, he would have enough time to leave the Heavenly Note Sect undetected and return to Sunset Sect. The Heavenly Note Sect would have no way to deal with him then.
After getting the name list, Jiang Hao left the Cliff of Broken Hearts and headed to the Law Enforcement Hall. He was there to look for Liu Xingchen. Although they were all spies, not everyone was looking to kill him outright.
He knew Liu Xingchen didn’t want him dead, so he wanted to ask for his help.
“Junior Brother, is something the matter?” Liu Xingchen was a little surprised to see him.
Jiang Hao was famous for not leaving the Cliff of Broken hearts unless he badly needed to. He had ventured out even less after he offended the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
Everybody also thought him weak. His function was to guard the Spirit Herb Garden. He didn’t dare leave the sect. Killing within the sect was based on merit. Killing outside the sect was based on one’s mood. He didn’t want to die on somebody’s whim.
“There’s something I want to tell Senior Brother.” Jiang Hao took out the name list and handed it to Liu Xingchen. “I think one of these five people might be a traitor.”
“Junior Brother, are you sure?” Liu Xingchen took the name list and looked at it.
“I’m not really sure but…”
“Where did Junior Brother see them?” asked Liu Xingchen.
“The Spirit Herb Garden of the Cliff of Broken Hearts,” Jiang Hao answered truthfully.
Liu Xingchen thought for a moment.”I’ll check it. Junior Brother, you’d better be careful.”
Jiang Hao nodded and thanked him. Liu Xingchen would definitely be able to find out about the traitor.
Jiang Hao returned to his house and began to read about the Moon-Slaying saber technique. It had been a month, and he had almost mastered the move. It was just that he wasn’t skilled enough to use it efficiently.
In the middle of the night, he took out his saber and waved it. The blade’s light lit up like the moon, leaving a deep trench in the ground.
‘If I use a little bit of force, it is even stronger than the Demonic Sound Slash. If I use all my strength, I wonder how destructive it would be,’ thought Jiang Hao.
Looking at the saber in his hand, Jiang Hao suddenly had the thought of using this technique on that Golden Core Realm assassin who had come to kill him. He brushed the thought away. It was too dangerous.
‘My strength is dazzling.’
Jiang Hao was shocked. During this period, he had advanced too quickly and obtained such a saber technique. He almost swelled up with pride.