Chapter 39 Facing the Man in the Golden Core Realm
At night, in the Thunder Fire Peak, a spell lit up the forest. Boom!
The man in the Golden Core Realm merged into the darkness and left reluctantly. After coming to the Heavenly Note Sect, he had finally found that person and even knew his strength.
Tonight was perfect to make a move, but he was discovered by the people of The Law Enforcement Hall. He was going to be arrested. If it wasn’t for the spy who notified him, he would be gravely injured.
If he was caught, the Heavenly Note Sect would definitely throw him in the Lawless Tower and suck out all his cultivation. He didn’t care about dying. He only had one fear: that he would not be able to finish what he came here for.
‘If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have hesitated. I should have attacked the first time I saw him,’ thought Jinzhou Heng regretfully. He had stalled for time in vain. He had made every preparation. In fact, at a glance, he was only an outer disciple in the Lifeblood refinement Stage. The possibility of him being targeted had been zero. ‘So, how did they discover me?’
11 Zen
Boom!
The spells kept on bombarding him. He did not try to escape. Instead, he went to find Jiang Hao. He would kill him first and think about escaping later.
Late at night, Jiang Hao sat on the floor with his eyebrows furrowed. He grimaced.
The purple energy kept churning and his strength surged in his meridians. The powers gathered in his energy center as though squeezing into one another. When the powers merged, it would create a change.
However, even after a while, the powers were unable to merge into one. This was the bottleneck.
Jiang Hao was not anxious about this. Instead, he circulated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra and sorted out the powers in an orderly manner, allowing them to merge quickly.
In the dead and silent night, Jiang Hao’s entire body was surrounded by purple energy. When the spiritual energy and lifeblood were completely exhausted, a cracking sound came from within his body. It was the sound of the bottleneck breaking.
A tiny golden core gathered in his energy center and began to absorb all the surrounding energy. After a short while, a complete golden core floated in his energy center. A powerful aura overflowed and spread throughout his entire body.
Jiang Hao slowly opened his eyes. He clenched his fist feeling the new power that was emerging. He heaved a sigh of relief.
‘The Golden Core Realm. It’s unbelievable!’ Jiang Hao was surprised. In the past it had taken a long time to accumulate cultivation bases. After encountering Yun Ruo, he was in constant danger even now after her death. But his advancement was becoming easier and faster.
‘Maybe I should be thankful to her for putting me on this path,’ thought Jiang Hao. He shook his head. The source of all this wasn’t Senior Sister Yun Ruo.
It was that woman in red.
Her appearance must have caused some changes in the Heavenly Note Sect. They began to search for spies and traitors very diligently. It was then that Senior Sister Yun Ruo had targeted him.
Most likely, it was then that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was handed over to him to fish out more traitors.
So, he had to thank that woman instead.
But…
It was also because of that woman that Jiang Hao was in danger all the time. He should be blaming her instead.
He shook his head and put his thoughts aside He then went to the courtyard and raised his saber. Whether something would happen to him tonight or not was something he had to find out by waiting patiently. He sat there for the whole night.
The first ray of sunlight emerged from the horizon. When Jiang Hao was sure that nothing was going to happen, he saw a figure approach.
‘He’s here.’ Jiang Hao picked up his saber and walked out of the courtyard. He walked to the stream. The person was now across from him.
Both looked at each other. Under the rising sun, Jiang Hao could see him clearly. The man was muscular. His aura was weak. His clothes were torn. Fresh blood flowed out of the cuts and bruises on his arm and his waist as though he had just arrived from a terrible fight.
Judging from his aura, he could be considered quite powerful. Was he intentionally letting him go?
Jiang Hao immediately thought of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Many people wanted to see what would happen if they touched it. That was why Liu Xingchen hung around him. He wanted a good show.
“You can’t escape.” Jinzhou Heng stared at Jiang Hao in malice. “I’m not running,” Jiang Hao replied.
“Are you waiting for someone to save you? Don’t even think about it. The person who captured me is currently trapped by my supernatural power. He won’t be able to make it here before daybreak.” Jinzhou Heng’s face only showed resentment. “Why did you kill Junior Sister Yun Ruo?”
“She was a traitor,” Jiang Hao replied calmly.
“Do you know how important Junior Sister Yun Ruo was to me? She was my hope to survive. When I was weak, she was the only one who stayed by me. She was like a ray of light that lit up my dark world. She gave me a goal and motivation. She allowed me to surpass everyone around me. But… you killed her!”
Jinzhou Heng became even more agitated as she spoke. His eyes were filled with intense hatred for Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao looked at him and said, “I know now.”
Jinzhou Heng scowled. “Then you also know I have come to kill you.”
Jiang Hao remained indifferent. “Do you still remember how good Senior Sister Yun Ruo was to you?”
“I can never forget. Not in this lifetime, at least,” Jinzhou Heng said angrily.
“Remember it for a while more,” Jiang Hao said kindly. “Recall that beautiful memory and then come kill me.”