Chapter 40 The Quickest Way to Earn Spirit Stones
Jinzhou Heng stared at Jiang Hao, not saying a word. Instead, he sank into his memory.
It was impossible for him to leave this place alive. Perhaps he wouldn’t have the chance to remember Junior Sister Yun Ruo anymore.
The image of her accompanying and encouraging him flashed through his mind.
“Senior Brother Jin, if you defeat this demonic beast, I’ll cook for you.”
“How can no one like Senior Brother Jin? I like Senior Brother Jin very much.”
“Senior Brother, do you think my sect’s clothing is good?”
He couldn’t help but smile at the memories he had of her. However, a saber glowing with light flashed at that time.
Whoosh!
The saber glowing like the moonlight cut everything. His lifeforce drained and everything returned to silence. Even Yun Rou’s image faded.
He saw Jiang Hao was slowly putting away his blade.
“You…” He couldn’t say anything for a moment because his lifeforce was rapidly draining
Jiang Hao put away his saber and looked at the man in front of him calmly. Jinzhou Heng’s vision began to blur, and he fell backwards.
With a thud, he fell on the ground. His thoughts faded. That was it.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He didn’t know if Yun Ruo had been kind to him or if she had only used her magical charm, but it didn’t matter anymore. Truth and Falsehood didn’t matter.
Jiang Hao wasn’t a heartless person, but he also wanted to live. He did not put his saber down.He used a few of the Ten Thousand Sword Talisman to make sure the man was really dead.
He stood there for a long time. Advancing to the Golden Core Realm had felt unreal. In less than a year, he had gone from Early Foundation Establishment Stage to Early stage of the Golden Core Realm. It felt so dreamlike.
Jiang Hao calmed himself and went to find the Cliff Master.
This time, he had used the strength of the Middle Foundation Establishment Stage. The knife technique was the First Form of The Heavenly Blade: Moon-Slaying. If it hadn’t been a sneak attack, it would have been difficult to deal with.A
After a while, Cliff Master Ku Wu Chang arrived. He looked at the dead man and was silent for a long time. He looked at the saber and then at Jiang Hao.
“You killed him?” asked the Cliff Master.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“You are in the Middle Foundation Establishment Stage?” Ku Wu Chang asked.
The cultivation Jiang Hao had revealed was that of the middle stage of Foundation Establishment. “Yes. It was a fortuitous encounter in the Devil’s Den.”
“What about the saber technique?” Ku Wu Chang asked again.
“A nameless saber technique I obtained in the Devil’s Den,” Jiang Hao answered.
If his master wanted to see proof, he could probably write it down somewhere and give it to him. However, Jiang Hao realized that he shouldn’t use fortuitous encounters as an excuse any longer. The master might start having doubts.
Fortunately, his master did not ask any more questions. He only asked him to tell him in detail about the incident. Jiang Hao told him everything truthfully. Except the matter of his cultivation level.
“You were not confident, so you still chose to launch a sneak attack?” Ku Wu Chang stared at Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao nodded ‘Yes.”
Master Ku Wu Chang took away the corpse with him and told Jiang Hao to be more careful. He also said that the people from Law Enforcement Hall might come looking for him again.
Seeing his master leave, Jiang Hao sighed in relief. He felt a little regretful. If the Master could accept him as a True Disciple, he would be so much safer. The people of Heavenly Joy Pavilion would think a hundred times before bullying him.
But he could only rely on himself. He returned to the courtyard and looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Jiang Hao frowned. There were no bubbles. He had thought that it would give him bubbles once the sun came out. It was daylight now and still there were no bubbles.
‘What is going on?’ He was curious now. ‘Does Master know I planted the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in my courtyard?’
He gave up thinking about it. There was no other way to find out unless he asked his master directly.
The next day, Jiang Hao looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in his courtyard, but he still didn’t see any bubbles.
On the third day, a bubble appeared.
[ cultivation + 1]
[ lifeblood + 1]
‘So, it only bubbles every three days now?’
Another three days passed, and the bubbles appeared. That proved the fact that it would give bubbles only once every three days.
Even the Snow Lotus took longer to give him bubbles these days. Only green and white bubbles appeared on the third day. It wasn’t until the ninth day that there were a few blue bubbles. Jiang Hao was stunned.
One month after advancing to the Golden Core Realm, Jiang Hao looked at his cultivation and lifeblood that had already exceeded ten points and began to extract and cultivate. He wanted to see if the current ten points were any different from the previous ten points.
After extracting his cultivation, a huge amount of spiritual energy surged into his body, much denser and more majestic than the previous ten points.
Not daring to think too much about it, Jiang Hao began to consolidate his cultivation. He circulated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra and absorbed the spiritual energy and lifeblood.
After a long while, Jiang Hao slowly opened his eyes. He had completely consolidated his cultivation. He also understood that the decrease in air bubbles was related to his realm.
The speed had suddenly become slower. If he had accumulated it four times, he would be able to attempt an advancement to the next level. The speed had decreased but the amount of accumulation had increased drastically.
With knives hanging over his head, he felt it was dangerous for him to not advance as soon as possible. He walked to the courtyard and looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and thought that it would be great if it could grow three stalks. If not, he could always buy other spirit herbs to replace it.
But he was short of spirit stones. He had earned about 500 from selling talismans. Including the previous ones, he had earned a total of 1000 spirit stones.
1000 spirit stones sounded a lot until he went to look at the Golden Core Realm magical treasures. Even a small and simple saber costs 8000…
He would have to earn around 10,000 to 20,000 spirit stones if he wanted to buy anything. ‘How long would that take me?’ wondered Jiang Hao. ‘How do the others in the Golden Core Realm manage it?’
When he went to the Spirit Herb Garden, he asked Chen Chou if he knew how. “Rob someone,” was the only thing he had said.
“Oh, Senior Brother, we need your help,” said Chen Chou. He pointed in a direction in the spirit field. “There seems to be a spirit beast running loose around the field. We can’t catch it.”