Chapter 41
Chapter 41: There’s a Possibility of Purple-Gold Bubble
“A spirit beast?”
Jiang Hao was surprised. This month had been unusually peaceful for him. Liu Xingchen hadn’t come to find him, and his master hadn’t asked him anything.
Jinzhou Heng’s death didn’t seem to cause any commotion. It was unusual. However, unless the Law Enforcement Hall arrived here themselves, there was nothing he could do. He could only work hard to improve his cultivation and then get stronger.
The spirit beasts were within his scope of things, though. Jiang Hao made his way to the field and looked around.
The beast hadn’t destroyed anything so far. It meant that the danger wasn’t very high. However, those disciples still in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm were weaker and the spirit beast might prove to be far stronger for them.
Something rustled nearby. Jiang Hao slowly approached. The spirit herbs began to shake. The spirit beast had sensed his presence.
A white figure leaped and attacked; Jiang Hao dodged.
The spirit beast disappeared toward the Spirit Herb Garden.
“It’s not very big but is extremely fast,” muttered Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao had a rough understanding of the situation. Those in the Early Foundation Establishment Realm might not be able to keep up with the speed of the beast, let alone those in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
The spirit herbs rustled, and the beast attacked again. Jiang Hao blocked it with his saber.
Clang!
The powerful force forced Jiang Hao a few steps back. The spirit beast went flying backward.
“It isn’t weak, either. Is the spirit beast at the Early Foundation Establishment Stage? Whose beast is this?”
The Heavenly Note Sect did not have a place to raise spirit beasts. However, most spirit beasts had owners. If it suddenly appeared in the Cliff of Broken Hearts, it was most likely owned by a disciple or a master.
Jiang Hao couldn’t brutalize or kill the beast for fear of offending them.
Rustle!
Jiang Hao waved his saber. He used the Demonic Sound Slash.
Boom!
The demonic sound rumbled out like a wave. The spirit herbs stopped rustling.
The others looked at the commotion. They were alarmed. If there was a fight, they would have to run for their lives, as they didn’t have the ability to participate.
“It’s alright. You all can continue with your work.” Jiang Hao walked toward the spirit beast.
The others heaved a sigh of relief and continued with what they were doing. However, they secretly observed Jiang Hao out of the corner of their eyes. They were all curious.
Jiang Hao pushed aside the spirit herbs and found a white spirit beast foaming at the mouth. It had fainted. It had long, floppy ears. At first glance, it looked like a huge rabbit.
Jiang Hao grabbed its ear and lifted it up. It didn’t really look similar to a rabbit at close inspection. It almost looked like a human. The beast was quite adorable.
‘I wonder who it belongs to.’
Out of curiosity, he activated the Daily Appraisal ability. He wanted to find out who it belonged to so he could return it. The beast would hinder others if it remained at the Spirit Herb Garden.
[Rabbit: It has not yet unlocked its spiritual intelligence. It is a spiritual beast at the Early Foundation Establishment Realm. It has a treasure that searches for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Once it finds the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, it can obtain images of the place and terrain. It is a spy specially sent by Azure Mountain. It is of the bloodline of the Evil Beast. If you feed it one spirit stone a day, you can activate the hidden bloodline after seven days. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its favorability toward you.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. He had thought that this spirit beast belonged to a senior. He hadn’t expected it to be a spy sent by Azure Mountain.
Azure Mountain was the orthodox sect closest to the Heavenly Note Sect. They were both powerful but did not interfere with each other’s business. They had lived in peace this way for many years.
However, there had been some kind of conflict with them recently. Han Ming had gone out to train there. It was surprising that Azure Mountain had sent a
spy to find the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The Clear Sky Sect, Heavenly Saint Sect, and Sunset Immortal Sect did not dare to act rashly. Even if Azure Mountain sent its entire force, it would be useless.
Jiang Hao looked at the beast. The treasure it held was not so simple. He didn’t know how to take it out of the beast without hurting it.
The most important thing right now was to deal with the spirit beast. He should have just killed it, but Jiang Hao hesitated. It had a rare bloodline, too. However, taking it back with him would be dangerous.
He wondered if he could raise it like he was raising the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Perhaps he could do it in secret. It might yield a purple-gold bubble in seven days.
‘If I take it back with me, I will be monitored.’
Jiang Hao decided to buy a magic collar that could trap a spirit beast and raise it in the forest behind his house, at least for seven days.
Jiang Hao left the Spirit Herb Garden. He had trapped the spirit beast in his attic. It was inconvenient to take it along with him to the market.
Nobody came to his house that much, so the beast would be fine.
Jiang Hao felt a little sad and frustrated. He knew that spies were everywhere. However, he realized that they would be constantly targeting him from now on. Everyone coveted the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
He was in a daze. He had unknowingly gotten involved in something major that affected the sect. He still had no reliable ability to protect himself.
If only he had refused to plant and raise the flower, he would not have been in this mess. Unfortunately, he had no choice in the matter.
He went to the market and bought a magic collar to restrain the spirit beast. He also bought some talisman-making materials. It cost him a total of 600 spirit stones.
It was unbelievable. In the past, he couldn’t even think of spending so much..