Chapter 42
Chapter 42: The Demoness Visits Often
Jiang Hao looked at the beast collar in his hands. Raising pets was indeed expensive.
A collar for a beast at the Lifeblood Refinement Realm costs around 100 spirit stones. For a beast at Early Foundation Establishment Realm, it had cost him 500 spirit stones.
When a pet spirit beast broke through to a higher stage of cultivation, it was important to replace the collar. Otherwise, the beast might easily break th
Realm cost more than a thousand spirit stones!
The more Jiang Hao thought about it, the more surprised he was at the amount of spirit stones his fellow disciples had.
“Fortunately, the talisman-making materials were reasonably priced.”
He had bought six fine-grade talisman-making materials. They were suitable for those in the Foundation Establishment Realm and Golden Core Realm. It had cost him 100 spirit stones.
It had cost him lower than the pill formulas, anyway.
Among the Armament Masters, Alchemists, and Talisman Craftsmen,
Talisman Craftsmen seemed to be the cheaper yet more lucrative option.
After spending 600 spirit stones, Jiang Hao wanted to earn some spirit stones to compensate for spending so much. So, he thought of putting up a stall to sell talismans.
However, when he thought about the spirit beast at his house, he gave up on the idea. Right now, the spirit beast was more important. Talismans could be sold any day, but he had to deal with the beast immediately.
Hundred Flowers Lake.
Hong Yuye sat in the pavilion with a black saber on the table. It was Jiang Hao’s Shadow Blade.
She picked up the saber and looked at it for a long time. Then, she flung it, and it impaled on the flowers beside the pavilion.
“Go on. Tell me,” she said.
Baizhi stood respectfully with her head lowered. She nodded. She found it difficult to breathe in such a powerful presence. “After Azure Mountain’s DAO conference, they suddenly decided to attack us. I think… it’s because of the reappearance of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
“Looks like we have traitors in our midst,” said Hong Yuye calmly.
“I apologize for my incompetence,” said Baizhi as he knelt in apology.
Hong Yuye didn’t look at Baizhi. He looked up at the clouds in the sky. “It’s still early to tell. We must wait and watch. As for Azure Mountain, that’s your problem. You handle it.”
“I understand.” Baizhi nodded. “There have been no changes in the Cliff of Broken Hearts. However, Jiang Hao’s cultivation level has increased again. He may have some people who support him in secret. Devil Den might just be an excuse. He is still unable to clear his name completely. The undercover from the Sunset immortal Sect did die at his hands once again. A man at an early stage of the Golden Core Realm.”
“Then continue to observe him.” Hong Yuye looked at the flowers. “Since we are in a conflict with Azure Mountain, let’s get our hands on some of their cultivation techniques and books.”
Baizhi nodded.
The breeze blew over the flowers and Hong Yuye looked at them, entranced.
Baizhi lowered her head and remained quiet. Hong Yuye broke the silence. “Baizhi, why do you think Azure Mountain dared to attack us so suddenly? Is it because the Heavenly Note Sect is not as strong as it used to be, or is it because the Azure Mountain is growing stronger by the day?”
“Neither,” said Baizhi. She looked terrified. “In the past few decades, Azure Mountain has become stronger. However, in terms of strength, they are still inferior to the Heavenly Note Sect.”
As the Acting Sect Master, it was Baizhi’s responsibility to ensure the sect remained strong while monitoring the growth of other sects too.
If other sects got stronger, then Baizhi should ensure that her sect became even more powerful. Failing to do that would be slacking off at her job. Baizhi was terrified the Sect Master would think she had shirked her responsibilities.
“If it is because of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, there must be someone in the Azure Mountain who covets it for something important,” said Baizhi. “Otherwise, with where the Azure Mountain is at this point, they wouldn’t dare to act so rashly.”
Hong Yuye’s gaze focused on Baizhi. “Find out.”
“Understood.”
Baizhi then left the pavilion. On the way back, she thought about her next move. She wanted to put a female disciple up to test Jiang Hao. However, she had a feeling that the Sect Master didn’t really think Jiang Hao was a traitor.
“The Sect master might have other plans, but I am not sure if Jiang Hao is entirely innocent,” muttered Baizhi. She was the one who had submitted the list. “We need to delay the matter of the traitor for a while for now. I need to investigate Azure Mountain to find out who the mastermind is.”
In the afternoon, Jiang Hao hid the spirit beast.
He went to the Spirit Herb Garden and told the people there to inform whoever came looking for the spirit beast to find him so that they could get it back.
Jiang Hao wondered if he could lure out another spy in this way. As for the spirit beast, he needed to wait for seven days to decide what to do with it.
He had taken the spirit beast to the forest behind his house. He put the collar around its neck.
By this time, the spirit beast had woken up and struggled to break free from the collar. It seemed to dislike the collar vehemently.
Jiang Hao looked at its helpless struggle for a while. He finally threw a spirit stone at it. The beast sniffed the stone and then ate it.
‘Now, I only need to set up a range.’ That was another function of the collar. It could be used to mark a certain area beyond which the spirit beast couldn’t venture. The money for the collar was indeed worth it.
Jiang Hao wasn’t good at making trap formations to keep the spirit beast from escaping. The collar did the job for him.
Just as he was about to mark the area, someone spoke from behind. The voice was calm but didn’t hold any emotion. He knew that voice.
“What are you doing?”
Jiang Hao turned around. She was there again, dressed in red.. It was her!