Chapter 43
Chapter 43: She’s Really A Demoness
“Greetings, Senior,” said Jiang Hao. “I found this spiritual beast today. I am planning to raise it.”
Hong Yuye glanced at the beast on the ground. “Why do you want to raise it here instead of your house?”
“I am worried it might damage your flower.”
A strong wind blew suddenly and rustled the leaves on the tree. Before Jiang Hao could react, a force hit him on his chest and sent him flying. He crashed onto a tree.
Hong Yuye grabbed the spirit beast. “You’re so full of lies. Your cultivation level has increased very quickly.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. He wasn’t injured. However, he knew that if he crossed this woman, he could not win.
He wasn’t sure if she could see through his cultivation. He didn’t dare ask her about it.
He raised his head to see the woman lifting the spirit beast by its neck. Her slender fingers seem to squeeze its skin.
“Senior, I…”
She looked at him indifferently. “You can’t kill it?”
“Hm?”
“I… sure. I’ll kill it.” Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. There went his chance to earn a purple-gold bubble.
Hong Yuye squeezed the spirit beast’s neck. It struggled. A pearl and a map fell into Hong Yuye’s hands. She wiped them clean and put them away.
She then threw the beast toward Jiang Hao. “Just keep it in your courtyard.”
She headed toward his house. Jiang Hao was surprised. How had he not seen her in the forest?
He didn’t know what she wanted this time. Did she want to check on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?
It was broad daylight. He suspected that someone might have followed her here. He looked around but didn’t find anything amiss. He then looked at the spirit beast in his arms.
‘The treasure was taken out. Does that mean I can keep it safely in my courtyard without getting monitored?’
He couldn’t use the Daily Appraisal today. He decided to check once tomorrow to be sure.
The woman’s observation skills were extraordinary. He couldn’t make her suspicious right now.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief and carried the beast back to his residence. The beast had fainted.
‘Why is it that whenever I see her, I feel so nervous? My emotions fluctuate too much when she is near,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘I have been advancing too quickly, but my mind can’t keep up. I’ve been advancing too quickly, but my mind can’t keep up.’
He returned to the courtyard. When he got there, he found Hong Yuye sitting elegantly on a wooden chair in the courtyard. Her gaze was focused on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The wooden chairs and table weren’t there before. Jiang Hao didn’t know where they came from. He didn’t ask.
“How do you care for the flower?” Hong Yuye suddenly asked.
Jiang Hao was stunned. He wondered if she thought he had not taken care of it properly. He cleared his throat to respond.
“I water it with a bowl of water.”
“Every day?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Yes.”
“Hm… Is that so?” Hong Yuye was then silent.
Jiang Hao placed the spirit beast on the ground in the corner and waited.
He saw that Hong Yuye still had her eyes on the flower. He brought out some tea from his house and placed it on the table. He then marked the area for the spirit beast to prevent it from escaping.
After he was done with that, he stood beside her silently. “Have you practiced the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“How many have you been able to master?”
“Just the first,” said Jiang Hao truthfully.
He had spent a long time on the First Form of The Heavenly Blade: Moon-Slaying. He had yet to master it completely.
It would take time for him to learn the rest. The other forms were even more difficult, and there was the case of cultivation level restrictions.
He couldn’t learn them all at once even if he wanted to.
Hong Yuye didn’t say anything further. She just picked up the teacup and took a sip of tea. Then, she placed the teacup on the table in disdain. “Next time, make some tea that is at least drinkable.”
“What kind of tea do you prefer?” “Azure Red, Spring of September.”
Jiang Hao had heard of the tea before, but he had never tasted it. It was a top-grade tea type that was exorbitantly expensive. He couldn’t afford it even if he wanted to taste it.
“Senior, I…”
Under the cold and disdainful glare, he couldn’t muster the courage to refuse. He just nodded.
He knew that this woman was insanely powerful but not necessarily a good person. She was indeed a demoness.
Hong Yuye stood up and walked out of the courtyard. She turned around at the last second. “Take good care of my flower.”
After she left, Jiang Hao stood there in silence, looking at the tea in the cup. If he knew the tea was that bad, he wouldn’t have offered it at all.
He sighed and glanced at the spirit beast. At least, he could raise the beast now.
Jiang Hao was still curious about something. He needed to know if she possessed the Heaven Extinction Yin Gu poison and if it had the same effect on her as it did on him.
He decided to visit the library..