Chapter 44
Chapter 44: Gold Legend +1
Jiang Hao was even more confused after his visit to the library. The scriptures and scrolls did talk about the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison but mentioned nothing about its origins.
The Yin Gu poison and the Yang Gu poison were similar in their effect. The one who consumed it would stay in a sage-like state at all times, except when they saw the person who had consumed the other poison.
Jiang Hao was still in doubt whether it made her emotions fluctuate as it did with him. She was a demoness who was likely very experienced and powerful. It was unlikely that she would feel the effect of the poison at an extreme as he did.
It made him feel like he was at a constant disadvantage.
The next morning, Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on the spirit beast.
[Spirit Beast: At an Early Stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm that has yet to awaken its intelligence. It is of the bloodline of the Evil Beast. If you feed it one spirit stone a day, you can activate the hidden bloodline after seven days. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its favorability.]
There was no problem with the beast anymore. He was relieved and continued feeding it spirit stones.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao walked to the courtyard to check on the spirit beast. He was disappointed to see that there was no purple-gold bubble for him.
The spirit beast was pooping a little way off. When it saw Jiang Hao, it was so startled and hid behind a spirit herb bush.
It bared its fangs at Jiang Hao. It was more aggressive than usual, but there was no sign of activation of a hidden bloodline.
Jiang Hao was puzzled. He used the Daily Appraisal, but the information he got was the same as before. There were no changes.
Jiang Hao sighed and threw another spirit stone toward it. He then observed the beast.
He did not go to the Spirit Herb Garden today as per his routine. Instead, he stayed home and secretly observed the beast.
The spirit beast didn’t do anything unusual. It ran around the courtyard and occasionally nibbled on some spirit herbs.
Jianz Hao watched it the whole dav and vet happened.
On the next day, he used the Daily Appraisal on the beast again. The information was the same as before. Jiang Hao was even more confused now.
‘Why isn’t anything happening?’ he wondered. ‘Maybe the beast shouldn’t be allowed to eat anything else except the spirit stones for it to awaken the bloodline. It has been nibbling on spirit herbs the past few days…’
He grabbed the beast and tied it to a rope which was then tied to a pillar in the courtyard. Jiang Hao threw a spirit stone at it. It nibbled on it. Then, the beast began to struggle to be let free.
Jiang Hao gave it a spirit stone and observed it.
He used the Daily Appraisal the next day.
[Spirit Beast: At an Early Stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm that has yet to awaken its intelligence. It is of the bloodline of the Evil Beast. If you feed it one spirit stone a day, you can activate the hidden bloodline after seven days. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its favorability. Right now, its favorability towards you is negative.]
Jiang Hao sighed. At least, there was some change.
For the next six days, Jiang Hao kept it tied and fed it spirit stones. The spirit beast didn’t have the intelligence to understand the situation. It only assumed it had done something wrong.
On the seventh day, the spirit beast changed slightly.
A gold bubble floated beside it. Jiang Hao was happy. His hard work was finally being rewarded. Although it wasn’t the purple-gold bubble he had hoped for, he realized that this was good, too. He had never seen a gold bubble before. When he got close, the gold bubble flew toward him and fused with his body.
[Gold Legend +1]
Gold Legend and Purple-gold Legend were rare. He didn’t know if the gold bubble was better than the purple-gold ones.
Jiang Hao opened his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 20]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of Gold Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 8/100 (cannot be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 10/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Ability: 1/3 (cannot be obtained)]
[Gold Legend: 1/2 (cannot be obtained)]
“What?! I need two Gold Legends to obtain it. Where can I find another?”
Seeing that he couldn’t obtain it directly, Jiang Hao understood that gold bubbles were even more difficult to farm. It was a pity he didn’t have another gold bubble. He didn’t know how he could get his hands on one more gold bubble.
It was so difficult to find purple bubbles, let alone gold.
Jiang Hao looked at the spirit beast. He used the Daily Appraisal on it. Instantly, he received the information.
[Evil Spirit Beast: Early signs of intelligence. The beast is at the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. It is of the bloodline of the Evil Beast. It can be fed with seven spirit stones a day. After 49 days, the bloodline will be activated further. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its favorability. Right now, its favorability towards you is negative.]
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He could still feed the beast. There was a possibility that he could obtain more gold bubbles!
It would take as long as 49 days, and seven spirit stones a day. Although the number of spirit stones to be fed was a lot, Jiang Hao felt that he could manage it if he kept earning more spirit stones consistently.
Hao didn’t want to make a mistake for fear that it would drag out for another 49 days. That would mean starting over and a waste of the previous 343 spirit stones.
The poor spirit beast had no chance for freedom. The days passed quickly. Jiang Hao didn’t leave the Cliff of Broken Hearts at that time. He didn’t want to risk it. He had also exhausted his spirit stones. Fortunately, he saw a gold bubble appear on the last day.
[Gold Legend +1]