Chapter 45
Chapter 45: Primordial Heavenly Blade
Jiang Hao had remained careful and vigilant for more than a month. Fortunately, no one had come looking for him. Even Liu Xingchen hadn’t approached him to report on the Jinzhou Heng case. Perhaps Liu Xingchen was busy or he had chosen to turn to the other side.
Either way, Jiang Hao couldn’t help it. He couldn’t control other people’s decisions. No other spies had approached him yet. Everyone knew that he had captured the spirit beast, but no one had come to claim it. The days passed by peacefully. He received the gold bubbles steadily.
Jiang Hao opened his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 20]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 29/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 32/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Ability: 1/3 (cannot be obtained)]
[Golden Legend: 2/2 (can be obtained)]
‘My Lifeblood and Cultivation have improved. It’s much faster than before.’
His Lifeblood and Cultivation might be full in another half a year. He could then try to advance to the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm.
Perhaps in a few more years, his cultivation would surpass Liu Xingchen’s.
Senior Sister Ming Yi was also in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. Although she was still stronger than him, he was in much less danger than before. If she decided to blow her disguise and attack him, he needed to be able to fend for himself.
It was better to plan a sneak attack and ambush her if he wasn’t confident in his ability.
After making sure he had absorbed the gold bubble, Jiang Hao stood up and walked to the well to wash his hands.
Gold bubbles were very rare. They could either hold something extraordinary or entirely useless. He hoped he could get something good out of it. He had spent far too much effort, energy, and spirit stones for this to go to waste.
Jiang Hao walked into his house and sat cross-legged on the floor of his room. He chose to obtain whatever the Gold Legend would offer. In an instant, he felt endless chaos. He stared at it in shock while something moved in that chaos.
A crisp sound rang out.
Clang!
Something fell and the chaos retreated. When it cleared out in the middle, Jiang Hao saw that it was a silver-white saber that had fallen from above and split the chaotic energy.
It was impaled on the ground and stood upright before him. He grabbed the hilt of the saber and pulled it out of the floor.
There was a loud boom when the saber was freed, and everything around him disappeared. The chaos cleared up. Jiang Hao looked around. His house was exactly as it had been before. Nothing had changed.
He held the saber in his hand. He felt the urge to split the sky open with it. Its power surged in a majestic wave.
Jiang Hao felt its power. This saber could kill anything, even someone at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. He would even dare fight someone at the intermediate stage with this blade in hand. In fact, he looked forward to it.
Jiang Hao sighed at his thoughts. The saber had caused his emotions to run wild. He was thinking recklessly. Upon closer inspection, he found that the sleek blade was about 3 feet long and 3 cm wide.
“This saber looks pretty cool. I can feel a biting cold from just touching it. I wonder…’
He was curious about the origin of the blade. He activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Shiyu: The Primordial Heavenly Blade was forged in the chaos. It has the will of the Primordial World and the ability to split the sky open. It can be used as a life-bound magic weapon for growth.]
“Shiyu?” Jiang Hao thought it was an odd name for a blade. However, names didn’t matter. The saber was powerful. Now that he was on the path of learning the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, it was only fitting to use a saber like this.
Besides, he wasn’t wealthy. No matter how many spirit stones he could save, he had no chance of buying something as precious as this.
Jiang Hao looked at the spirit beast which was tied outside in the courtyard. It wasn’t struggling anymore. Now that it had gained intelligence, it understood the situation.
It had become used to being tied. So, it accepted this as the normal way of life. It sat in silence and patiently waited for someone to feed it.
Jiang Hao waved the saber. The cold surged and swept across the courtyard. The spirit beast, which was staring at Jiang Hao, trembled in fear. The rope snapped, and it fell to the ground in submission.
Jiang Hao saw the trembling beast and shook his head. He stared at the saber.
He began to refine the blade. Although he wanted to practice the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, he decided not to use Shiyu and keep it as his trump card.
Therefore, he resolved to buy some other saber for now. He wanted to keep this special blade hidden away.
The Half Moon Blade he possessed presently was enough for now. If it cracked, he would change it to something else.
“I need to check up on the beast.”
Jiang Hao wanted to know if he could keep feeding the spirit beast to activate its bloodline further. If that was possible, he could get more gold bubbles. The next day, Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on the spirit beast..