Chapter 46
Chapter 46: War With Azure Mountain
[Evil Spirit Beast: Early signs of intelligence. The beast is at the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. It is of the bloodline of the Evil Beast. It can be fed with 100 spirit stones a day. After 49 days, the bloodline will be activated further. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its
favorability. Right now, it’s scared of you.]
Jiang Hao exclaimed when he saw the information. He was now curious how far the bloodline could be activated. However, there was a downside. He had to feed it 100 spirit stones every day!
He could not bear it. He would have to feed it in two cycles if he wanted two gold bubbles to obtain two Gold Legends!
100 spirit stones every day for 49 days meant a total of 4900 spirit stones! This would require him to make more powerful talismans. Even then, he didn’t think he could sell it enough to afford 100 spirit stones a day to splurge on the beast.
He let the spirit beast be. He would tie it up when he could afford to feed it 100 spirit stones per day.
The spirit beast was slowly getting used to walking around in the courtyard. It had been tied up for so long that it had forgotten to walk properly.
“Come here,” said Jiang Hao gently.
The spirit beast turned to look at him. It then walked up to him in fear.
“Can you understand me?” Jiang Hao asked.
The spirit beast nodded! Jiang Hao pointed at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower growing in the courtyard. “Don’t touch that flower, alright? You can eat the spirit herbs all you want. Just don’t go near that flower.”
The beast stared at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and then nodded.
Jiang Hao hoped that it understood him properly. He headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
The past two months were very peaceful. His cultivation had advanced very slowly in that time, but the months had gone without any trouble. However, he needed to secure his safety first.
If he wanted to live a peaceful and quiet life, he needed to get stronger without bringing attention to himself.
He needed to keep a low profile. If the Heavenly Note Sect expanded, then he would already be strong. Otherwise, if the sect fell, he could always clear his name and start anew.
He had already been targeted by different sects. It would be very difficult to clear his name in the future. He needed to get stronger and ensure his own survival.
He needed to be stronger than the spies, or even stronger than that woman. Only then would he be safe. He needed to do it step by step. For now, the most important thing was to earn more spirit stones.
In the Spirit Herb Garden, when Jiang Hao received the list of the day’s orders. Most of the orders were for supplies of spirit herbs for healing purposes.
“I heard that the sect is preparing for a fight with the Azure Mountain,” said Cheng Chou.
“Really? Are they going to go all out?” asked Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao hadn’t left the Cliff of Broken Hearts much, except to run errands. Neither the Cliff Master nor his fellow disciples asked him for anything, so he was unaware of this.
“Yeah,” said Cheng Chou. “Our sect has sent a lot of armies to fight. It seems like they want to take Azure Mountain down. That is why we have so many orders for the spirit herbs these days.”
Jiang Hao frowned. He knew about the friction between the Heavenly Note Sect and the Azure Mountain. Han Ming had gone to train a few months ago.
He hadn’t expected that both sides would want to fight directly.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand why he wasn’t recruited to be sent to fight. No disciple would dare to refuse if asked.
He didn’t want to go, but it was unusual that he wasn’t called when everybody else was being sent out to fight. ‘Is it because I am on the radar of the Law Enforcement Hall?’
He felt that the Law Enforcement Hall was probably still keeping an eye on him. If they doubted him to be the traitor, they definitely wouldn’t want him leaving the sect and spilling its secrets.
“Prepare the orders. Hurry,” said Jiang Hao.
Cheng Chou nodded.
After that, Jiang Hao inquired a little about the situation of the battle. From what he knew so far, the Heavenly Note Sect still had the upper hand in the fight.
Cheng Chou asked him if he wanted to join the fight as well. Jiang Hao shook his head. He didn’t care to mention that he was on the Law Enforcement hall’s radar.
Cheng Chou told him that many disciples had willingly joined the fight since it was such a good opportunity to train and increase one’s cultivation. The ones who come back might get to join the inner sect.
Jiang Hao didn’t comment. Everyone had different opinions. Some people liked to climb the ladder of hierarchy. Jiang Hao just wanted some stability.
For the next few days, Jiang Hao helped out in the Spirit Herb Garden.
Occasionally, he went to the market to sell some Divine Sword Talismans, Pain -Relieving Talismans, and Spirit Concentration Talismans.
In seven days, he earned around 300 spirit stones. The sales had been good this time. It must have been because of the battle with Azure Mountain. Everyone wanted some strong defensive talismans, but Jiang Hao didn’t have any. The Pain-Relieving Talisman was just too basic. If he had made some powerful defensive talismans, he could have earned more spirit stones.
In the next few days, the spirit beast occasionally followed Jiang Hao to the Spirit Herb Garden. Under Jiang Hao’s warning, it remained docile and didn’t cause trouble like before.
Jiang Hao had gone to collect bubbles as usual. However, he found a group of strangers in the Spirit Herb Garden.
“The Snow Lotus Pavilion sent some people to help us since there are not many people around here anymore,” said Cheng Chou.
Jiang Hao nodded. He looked around.
He found something unusual that day. In the middle of the garden, a man was trying to bury something.
Jiang Hao strode forward. He unsheathed his Half Moon Blade and pressed it against the man’s back. “What are you doing?”
Cheng Chou immediately retreated. The spirit beast blinked in confusion. The others also began to retreat.
Everyone knew that Jiang Hao was an inner disciple, but they knew his temperament. He wasn’t someone who made trouble unnecessarily. He would never take out a weapon if there wasn’t any danger around..