Chapter 47
Chapter 47: Spilling Blood
The young man felt the blade on his back. “Immortal Elder, please spare my life!” He lowered his head and begged for his life.
“What?” asked Jiang Hao calmly.
“Immortal Elder, I…”
Jiang Hao swung his saber and left behind an afterimage of the saber in the air. The next moment, the young man’s hand was severed.
This sudden attack stunned the young man. He stared at Jiang Hao with contempt. At the same time, he began to retreat.
“Do it then!” he shouted.
Jiang Hao stabbed the hilt of his saber into the ground and lifted it into the air.
Boom!
The explosion shook the ground. The others dispersed and hid behind the spirit herb bushes.
Jiang Hao didn’t stop. He quickly arrived in front of the group of people. The long saber impaled one of them and killed him on the spot.
There were four of them. Jiang Hao was fast. Three of them dropped dead.
When he reached the last one, the person had already activated the magic treasure in his hand.
Jiang Hao swung his Half Moon Blade. A light flashed. He used the First Form of The Heavenly Blade, the Moon-Slaying technique.
Bang!
The shadow of the saber cut through the sky with the light of the moon. The saber split the magic treasure and the palm of the person’s hand into two.
The man looked at Jiang Hao in puzzlement and hatred. Black fumes attacked him. However, Jiang Hao was quick. He appeared behind the man with the saber against his throat.
The man fell to the ground. The first man he had attacked tried to retreat. He stared at Jiang Hao and hesitated. Then, he ran.
Jiang Hao appeared next to him in the blink of an eye and knocked him on his temple with the hilt of his saber.
The person fainted.
Jiang Hao turned to Cheng Chou. “Go and get someone! Hurry!”
Cheng Chou knew what to do. He ran off.
The spirit beast was so scared that it was trembling in fear. It had only had a basic level of intelligence, but it still felt that it would be cut down if it visited the Spirit Herb Garden again.
Jiang Hao looked at the others. “You can all get on with your work. Everything is okay now. Please don’t approach the damaged part of the garden for a while.”
The part of the Spirit Herb Garden where he stood was damaged a bit. Fortunately, the damage wasn’t that great.
He had noticed the strangers the moment he arrived and had a feeling that they had been here to cause him trouble.
He inspected the thing in the ground that the man had been trying to bury. It had a strange spiritual energy fluctuation. Only then did he realize that it was a Dharma treasure.
The intruders weren’t here to cause mere trouble. They had intended to blow up the Spirit Herb Garden instead!
If they had succeeded, it would have been a great loss for the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao hesitated a moment. He then used the Daily Appraisal on it.
[Puppet A: Yan Hua of the Heavenly Saint Sect planted a puppet seed in it. This time, it was used to destroy the Heavenly Note Sect’s Spirit Herb Gardens in an attempt to weaken the place and allow the Azure Mountain to invade.]
‘Yan Hua of Heavenly Saint Sect?’ Jiang Hao had never heard of the person before. However, the people from the Heavenly Saint Sect were truly dangerous.
If Jiang Hao hadn’t appraised it, he would have thought it was any other ordinary seed.
He suspected that the Heavenly Saint Sect knew of the existence of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and wanted to be the first to destroy it. They wanted to do their best for Azure Mountain.
Mu Qi arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden after a while. He carefully examined the area and looked at the dead man. He then heaved a sigh of relief.
“I heard that the other Spirit Herb Gardens suffered quite a lot of damage. Fortunately, all of you are safe and sound,” said Mu Qi. “I will report this to the Cliff Master.” He turned to Jiang Hao. “I will have to rely on you if something like this happens again, Junior Brother. Thank you for defending the garden and those within it.”
“Senior Brother, you are too kind. You don’t have to thank me.” Jiang Hao lowered his head.
Mu Qi was a formidable disciple. Jiang Hao had met him a few times. His cultivation realm wasn’t lower than Liu Xingchen’s.
Jiang Hao knew that Mu Qi wasn’t someone to mess with. He had largely avoided him in the past because Jiang Hao knew of his strength and respected him.
Mu Qi took away the puppet seed. He assured them that he would update everyone if he found something more. He needed to rush to the mine for now.
Jiang Hao nodded. ‘Did something happen at the mine?’ He was curious.
The Heavenly Note Sect hadn’t had any peace in the past few days. Jiang Hao prepared himself for the possibility that the sect could be breached at any time. He couldn’t just sit back and do nothing.
However, there was one thing that bothered him. If the Heavenly Note Sect got breached, how would he leave with the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower? He would be a target for everyone.
After that, the Spirit Herb Garden prohibited entry for strangers. There were no more sneak attacks.
The other Spirit Herb Gardens had indeed suffered quite a lot of damage. There was a lot of pressure on the Cliff of Broken Hearts to supply more spirit herbs to make up for the shortage.
Three weeks passed. Jiang Hao was busy from morning till night. Finally, the orders decreased when the other Spirit Herb Gardens recovered. Everyone felt much more relaxed.
By now, everyone knew that Jiang Hao had a pet spirit beast that occasionally followed him into the garden.
The spirit beast was familiar with the people in the Spirit Herb Garden. After activating its hidden bloodline twice, it even learned to speak.
However, it didn’t dare provoke anyone. It was especially scared of offending Jiang Hao.
“Aww… what does my cute little spirit beast want to eat today?” asked Cheng Chou.
“You can call me Uncle Rabbit,” said the spirit beast arrogantly. Its voice was deep and mature, like a man’s.
“Uncle Rabbit, what do you want to eat today?” Cheng Chou was used to the beast’s antics by now.
“People, probably,” said the beast sternly..