Chapter 48
Chapter 48: The Second Form of the Seven Forms
“You mean like cannibalism?” asked Cheng Chou in surprise.
Many people visited the Spirit Herb Garden. If the spirit beast wanted to eat them, it could. There were similar spirit beasts in other Demon Sects.
Cheng Chou was actually worried now.
“Yes. Cannibalism is exactly what I mean,” said the spirit beast. “Go and trap some high-ranking officials and nobles for me to eat.”
“Must it be a high-ranking official?” Cheng Chou asked tentatively. “Wouldn’t ordinary people do?”
“No,” said the spirit beast as it shook its head.
“Why? Do you have a specific reason for it?” asked Cheng Chou.
“They don’t taste as good,” said the spirit beast solemnly as it looked at the people tending the spirit herbs. “Besides, ordinary people suffer too much already. I don’t want to add to their suffering.”
Cheng Chou was speechless.
Just then, Jiang Hao arrived. He heard their conversation.
The spirit beast was so terrified when it saw him that it backtracked on its statement. “I can eat carrots just as well. I love carrots!”
Cheng Chou was surprised. Jiang Hao ignored the spirit beast.
He asked Cheng Chou about any recent developments in the ongoing war. Cheng Chou told him that the Heavenly Note Sect was holding its ground. Many disciples of the Azure Mountain had been captured.
They were all thrown into the Lawless Tower. Some of them had been put to work in the mines.
Jiang Hao felt that that was a fate worse than death. He then headed out of the garden toward his house.
Jiang Hao felt unimaginably exhausted these few days. He had been taking care of the Spirit Herb Garden diligently because if anything happened to it, he would be held accountable. There was immense pressure on him.
He was also afraid that the puppets might turn up again to try to destroy the Spirit Herb Garden. There had been no sneak attacks after the last incident, but Jiang Hao remained alert.
As for the spirit beast, it always followed him to the Spirit Herb Garden. It was still in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Jiang Hao felt that it was good to be cautious. Right now, with everything that was happening, it was dangerous to let his guard down.
Although he hadn’t faced any sort of threat from outside, even with the battle between the Heavenly Note Sect and Azure Mountain going on, he still felt that it paid to remain on guard at all times.
The only stress he felt was because of his work. He had spent every waking hour maintaining the Spirit Herb Garden so he hadn’t found any time to earn spirit stones. On the bring side, his cultivation had increased.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 20]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 47/100 (cannot be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 49/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 1/3 (cannot be obtained)]
[Golden Legend: 1/2 (cannot be obtained)]
‘In a few months, I should be able to advance to the Middle Stage of the Golden
Core Realm.’
Jiang Hao wasn’t sure if the next few months would be as peaceful as the present month. The advantage of a cultivator was that they lived long, but that was the disadvantage as well. Their enemies lived long, too.
It wasn’t easy to cultivate quietly in the Cliff of Broken Hearts if you had plenty of enemies.
He opened the book titled “Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade” and turned to the part on the second form. The second form out of the seven was Mountain Suppression.
Jiang Hao had learned and practiced the first form for a while now, and he was pretty much familiar with it. The first form was Moon Slaying. It was an aggressive technique.
However, he increasingly felt that he lacked combat skills. He needed to hone his combat skills if he wanted to use that technique much more effectively.
The second form was different from the first. After a few days of reading the chapter on it, he learned that the key to defeating an enemy was by using the power of nature.
He read the poem written on it as he refined his saber. The Primordial Heavenly Blade was perfect to practice the second form.
A month later, Jiang Hao was just heading out after collecting bubbles in his courtyard when the spirit beast trotted alongside him. “Master, why are you up so early? Can I come with you?”
“If you cause trouble, I will deny I ever raised you. Understand?”
He did not know that the spirit beast would develop into… this. It was always trying to be witty and talkative.
“Of course! Everything will be fine. In the future, I will take care of you like you take care of me.”
Jiang Hao stopped by the stream and meditated. After a while, a ball of energy condensed by the stream.
He held the Primordial Heavenly Blade, Shi Yu, and gently lifted it up.
The spirit beast was puzzled when it sensed massive energy radiating from the saber.
When the saber swung down, it looked like the force of a huge mountain was pressed down on it. The majestic aura was astonishing.
Jiang Hao slashed at the stream. There was a loud thump. The stream sloshed and the water rose. It was as though something heavy had fallen into the water and caused such an impact. The water sprayed everywhere.
After a long while, the stream returned to normal. The gravel disturbed by the sloshing water was also wiped clean. It was as though nothing had happened at all.
Jiang Hao smiled. The second form was stronger than he expected. He just needed to build his speed. Otherwise, this technique wouldn’t help him in an emergency.
He put the Primordial Heavenly Blade away and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
He felt that he needed to earn more spirit stones soon. He not only needed to buy tea leaves but also a better saber. His Half Moon Blade wasn’t going to last long. There were already multiple cracks on it.
Jiang Hao stopped in his tracks. Liu Xingchen was waiting for him. He had a bad feeling about this.
“Junior Brother, I haven’t seen you for months. I hope you have been doing well. I did hear about your contribution recently.”
“It was nothing. I was just doing my job,” said Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen gestured for Jiang Hao to keep walking. They headed to the Spirit Herb Garden together. “Mu Qi was injured in the mines..”