Chapter 49
Chapter 49: Spies From Other Sects In The Mines?
“Senior Brother Mu Qi is injured? How?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
Mu Qi was a formidable disciple. His cultivation realm was very high, and he was stronger than most of the other disciples. Someone must have pulled a sneak attack on him.
“He was helping out in the mines,” said Liu Xingchen solemnly. “Junior
Brother, I assume you have already heard about the fight between the
Heavenly Note Sect and the Azure Mountain?”
“Yes,” said Jiang Hao. “I heard that our sect still has the upper hand in that fight.”
“Yes. Elder Baizhi personally got involved this time. The other elders aren’t staying idle as well. The Cliff Master, the Pavilion Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, the Peak Master of the Thunder Fire Peak, and the Valley Master of the Ice Moon Valley are all involved in the fight. Besides, Azure Mountain alreadv had internal fights to deal with. Things aren’t looking good for them
right now. We are still winning.”
“However, they just finished the DAO Conference,” he continued. “Many experts from the conference are willing to lend a helping hand toward Azure Mountain. Last month, Elder Baizhi injured the Sect Leader of the Azure Mountain pretty badly. Our sect had the advantage for now.”
“Many who were captured have been thrown into the Lawless Tower or have been forced to work in the mines.”
“So, the ones captured aren’t just from Azure Mountain? There were people from other sects as well?” asked Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “Yes. Many try to make an attempt to free the ones captured. That was how Mu Qi got injured. He did catch them in time and sent them into the Lawless Tower.”
Jiang Hao nodded. However, he was puzzled. Liu Xingchen might not have come all this way just to inform him about that.
Although they weren’t hostile with each other, Liu Xingchen wouldn’t give him a second glance, much less talk to him, if it wasn’t something important.
Soon, Liu Xingchen revealed the purpose of his visit. “Mu Qi is injured, so he cannot help out anymore. We need someone from the Cliff of Broken Hearts to replace him. At the moment, you look like a person who is suitable for the job. You will most likely be approached with the offer.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and remained quiet. He had nothing urgent that needed his attention at the Spirit Herb Garden. There was nothing wrong with replacing Mu Qi at the mines. Moreover, the spirit beast was there to defend the garden if something happened.
“Thank you, Senior Brother.” Jiang Hao said gratefully. Knowing this in advance would help him prepare mentally when he was summoned.
“Junior Brother, do you still remember the spy you killed?” Liu Xingchen suddenly mentioned Jinzhou Heng.
“I do. How could I forget?” Jiang Hao nodded.
Nothing happened after the incident. No one had come looking for him.
Nobody even asked how he had managed to do it. When someone in the Foundation Establishment Realm killed a person in the Golden Core Realm, it usually made people curious. However, nobody approached him.
“The matter might not be resolved yet,” said Liu Xingchen. “Jinzhou Heng was from the Sunset Sect. He came here to kill you to avenge Yun Ruo. She had just broken through to the Golden Core Realm. Not much is known about her, except that she was simple and honest. No one knows what she did to make Jinzhou Heng sacrifice himself for revenge.”
“We were going to arrest him that morning, but he made his way to you. We don’t know who tipped him off about you. There are others too who were after you, you know. We captured around five people. They are held at the Law Enforcement Hall for now. We had to hunt them down in these past few months.”
It was no wonder he hadn’t visited Jiang Hao. “Who is the other spy?”
“He is from the Ghost Shadow Sect. He was thrown into the Lawless Tower. He might be sent to the mine soon. Coincidentally, he has worked as a miner before. We are still investigating it. There might be traitors in the mine. Junior Brother, you need to be careful when you join the mine.”
“It is difficult for the Law Enforcement Hall to investigate in the mines. They have their own rules, so it affects the investigation.”
“Thank you, Senior Brother, for warning me,” said Jiang Hao gratefully. “I remember you saying Yun Ruo had some influence in the Sunset Sect. She had someone of higher status who was obsessed with her. Was that Jinzhou Heng?” “No.” Liu Xingchen shook his head.
Jiang Hao didn’t ask anything else. It was clear that the Sunset Sect still posed a threat to him. As for the Ghost Shadow Sect, he didn’t really care about it.
The Ghost Shadow Sect might be targeting the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and not him personally. However, the Sunset Sect wanted him dead.
Jiang Hao needed to worry about the mine for now. It was very easy for traitors to attack him when he entered the cave.
Not only did he need to worry about all that but also those who hated him in this sect. However, Liu Xingchen told him not to worry about the Heavenly Joy Pavilion for now, as they were busy fighting against Azure Mountain. They had no time or energy to spare to deal with him.
Jiang Hao was grateful for the information, but he remained alert anyway.
After Liu Xingchen left, Jiang Hao went to the Spiritual Herbal Garden alone. He saw Mu Qi at the entrance. He looked very pale.