Chapter 50
Chapter 50: Captives from the Immortal Sect
Mu Qi smiled. “As fine as I can be. How have you been, Junior Brother?”
“I am alright,” said Jiang Hao. “Why are you standing here, Senior Brother? Did you need something from the garden?” asked Jiang Hao despite knowing very well why he was there.
“I was waiting for you,” said Mu Qi. “I wanted your help with something.” Jiang Hao pretended to be confused.
“I might not be able to go to the mine for now,” said Mu Qi. “It was my responsibility, but it seems like I will have to rely on you, Junior Brother. Will you replace me at the mine? Don’t worry about the Spirit Herb Garden. I will visit it regularly and make sure it’s safe.”
Jiang Hao nodded and accepted his offer. It wasn’t like he could refuse, after all. If he did, he would be asking for trouble from the entire sect.
However, he was curious if Mu Qi wanted to leave the mines because it was dangerous or if there were some other reasons behind it.
‘I never tried to use Daily Appraisal on him!’
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Mu Qi: Formidable disciple of the Cliff of Broken Hearts of the Heavenly Note Sect. He is at the late stage of the Golden Core Realm. He once had an affair with a Saintess from the Heavenly Saint Sect, Miao Tinglian. He obtained an ancient inheritance in the mines. To be safe, he deliberately injured himself and returned to the Cliff of Broken Hearts to absorb the treasure.]
Jiang Hao was at least relieved that he wasn’t attacked by a spy in the mine. Otherwise, the mine would have been dangerous for him as well.
‘The Heavenly Saint Sect seems to have its claws everywhere. I wonder if Mu Qi will turn into a traitor in the end. If he does, he will target me first.’ Jiang Hao was calm. “When do I need to leave for the mine?
“At noon today, preferably,” said Mu Qi. He appeared relieved because Jiang Hao hadn’t rejected him. “Thank you so much. I will offer you a portion of my rewards as a token of gratitude.”
Jiang Hao headed straight to the mine after that. He left the spirit beast at the Spirit Herb Garden. Mu Qi promised to take care of it.
‘I wonder if the beast will be the same when I return.’
It was inconvenient, but he couldn’t take the beast along with him to the mines. He had given express instruction to the spirit beast to water the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The mine was on the other side of the Heavenly Note Sect. After receiving the tools from Law Enforcement Hall, he headed toward the mine.
Most of the miners were in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. People who had lower realms than that weren’t allowed into the mine because they couldn’t keep up with the kind of labor and strength that was required for mining. Outside the mine, Jiang Hao could see nothing but desolation. He saw a portion of the mountain that was blasted off to make space for caves that led deep inside. There were guards at the entrance.
Jiang Hao noticed that the mine was right at the edge of the sect. It was no wonder that nobody came to save those who encountered trouble here.
There were towers near the mine. These were for defensive purposes. He also saw some stalls that were created to serve as shops.
“Well… it at least feels self-sufficient,” muttered Jiang Hao. He walked to the innermost building which served as the reporting office. It was also the manager’s residence.
He entered a small room where a middle-aged man sat at a desk. “Jiang Hao, inner sect disciple of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. In the middle stage of the
Foundation Establishment Realm. Here to take over Mu Qi’s work. Correct?” “Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded. He observed the manager.
He was stronger than Liu Xingchen and Mu Qi. He stared at Jiang Hao, sizing him up.
“Well… your cultivation isn’t very high,” said the middle-aged man, Wu
Yuanwu. “You will work under Wei Lie.” He gestured to a small, bald man.
The man, Wei Lie, led him out of the building. He wasn’t very polite. “Since you are here to work under me, you have to listen to me. I don’t care if you are a formidable disciple or an inner sect disciple. If I tell you to go east, you go east. If I tell you to go west, you go west. Understand?”
Jiang Hao nodded.
The man had a scar on his face that made him look ferocious. He was at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm, too. Jiang Hao knew he was strong. “Also, you can’t just enter and leave as you wish. It’s dangerous around here.”
Soon, they met with the other miners. The five of them then headed to the Lawless Tower and waited for the prisoners to join them.
There were three men and two women. They looked ragged. The clothes they wore differed from each other. It was clear that they weren’t from the same sect.
The five of them stared at the group with hatred.
The blue-robed woman spat on the ground. “You evil filth who follow the demonic path! One day, our Immortal Sect will end you all!”
Wei Lei slapped her across the face. The impact split her lip. A trickle of blood bloomed under her lips.
He didn’t say anything else to them. “Let’s go!”
“Where are you taking us?” asked one of the men.
Wei Lei punched him in the stomach until he vomited blood. “If you say another word, I will end you so you can’t make any more noise.”
Jiang Hao looked at the prisoners and couldn’t help feeling sorry for them. He was also wary of people who might be hiding among the sect to try to save them..