Chapter 51
Chapter 51: The Immortal Sects To The Rescue
The next few days, Jiang Hao was either escorting the captives or doing small errands in the area around the mine.
He had used the Daily Appraisal on Wei Lei. Although Wei Lei didn’t have an amiable personality and was often rude, he wasn’t a traitor.
Jiang Hao realized that if he did his work properly, he wouldn’t come under Wei Lei’s attention.
Wei Lei was also a formidable disciple from Thunder Fire Peak. It was no wonder he was so arrogant.
There should be no conflict between Jiang Hao and Wei Lei as long as he followed the instructions.
The Law Enforcement Hall didn’t care about simple fights between the disciples unless they ended in death or disappearance.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to get involved in any kind of trouble. So, he kept a low profile.
Jiang Hao’s greatest worry was that he hadn’t been able to earn any spirit stones in the past few days. He hadn’t even had the time to collect simple bubbles in the morning.
Jiang Hao thought he might find more bubbles deeper in the mine. However, Liu Xingchen had warned him not to enter the mine yet. There might still be danger in there. ‘I just need to be patient. Maybe I won’t have to stay here longer than necessary.’
If they could recruit others, he would be allowed to go back to tend the Spirit Herb Garden in peace. Jiang Hao hoped the conflict with Azure Mountain would be over soon. That fight was the reason the mine lacked people.
However, he needed to find another way to collect bubbles. ‘I will take my time and observe the people here. It might be alright to enter the mine if I identify the people who are dangerous and stay out of their way.’
Wei Lei came up to Jiang Hao and threw a booklet at him.
“Senior Brother, what is this?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
“The booklet has names of the convicts who need to be picked up from the Lawless Tower,” said Wei Lei.
Jiang Hao wondered why Wei Lei was giving him the booklet.
“In the future, you’ll be in charge of escorting those convicts. Don’t forget that you are still under my command. You’d better do your job well,” said Wei Lei arrogantly. “Not only will you escort them without trouble but also lead them into the mine. It’s your fault we’re short of manpower in this place, after all.”
Wei Lie turned around and left. Jiang Hao was even more confused now. Why was he given Wei Lei’s job? Furthermore, he was supposed to enter the mine with the convicts this time.
Jiang Hao felt that something wasn’t right, so he used the Daily Appraisal ability on Wei Lei once again.
[Wei Lie: In the early stage of Golden Core Realm. Formidable disciple of the Thunder Fire Peak of the Heavenly Note Sect. He was called to patrol the surroundings. He is unhappy with some people from Ice Moon Valley and wants to teach them a lesson.]
‘Ice Moon Valley?’ Jiang Hao realized that someone must have arranged for him to take over this job.
His first thought was that someone from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion was trying to mess up his life again. He now wondered if he was targeted by another spy because of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Jiang Hao had to pick the convicts up from Lawless Tower now. The team of five was reduced to four after Wei Lei had left.
The others were in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. One of them was a fairy from the Ice Moon Valley. She didn’t talk much but was meticulous with her work.
The other two young men were from Misty Cloud Peak. One was skinny and went by the name of Jing Lin. The other was burly and muscular. He was called Mo Du.
Although the two men often joked around, they were, for the most part, quiet and gloomy. Jiang Hao didn’t trust them. They appeared to be the kind of people who would stab him in the back at any time.
Jiang Hao had appraised them all. Jing Lin was the most intriguing out of the trio. He had deserted the Wing Lightning Sect and joined the Heavenly Note Sect.
Coincidentally, some captives from the Wind Lightning Sect had been captured recently.
Jiang Hao was worried that that might create some conflict. If Jing Lin was friends with the captive, he might try to do something stupid.
After a while, they arrived at the reception area of the Lawless Tower. They saw the four captives in the area being monitored carefully.
When Jiang Hao saw the four captives, he had a bad feeling.
However, he didn’t say anything. Jiang Hao went to the person who was monitoring the prisoners. Then, he escorted them outside.
Jiang Hao felt that the captives’ aura was not right. Although they were declared as being in the early stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, they had the aura of people in the Golden Core Realm.
‘Had the Lawless Tower failed somehow? Did they use some treasure to prevent the tower from stripping away their cultivation realm?’
He couldn’t use the Daily Appraisal on them right now, and he couldn’t tell the others what he had felt without explaining how he knew about their aura.
Jiang Hao opened the booklet. “State your name and the name of your sect,” he said.
The others were silent.
“I suggest you cooperate,” he said. “State the name of your sect. Maybe someone from your sect will come for the records, but if you have no name, then you are as good as dead.”
“Wind Lightning Sect, Jing Ru,” said a young woman.
Jiang Hao wrote that down. He wondered if she was somehow related to Jing Lin, who used to be from the same sect.
He looked at the three people in his team. “From now on, someone will need to escort the captives to the mine to familiarize them with the surroundings. Who’s going to lead them this time?” asked Jiang Hao.
Everyone was silent. Jiang Hao saw Jing Lin hesitating. “Junior Brother Jing, do you want to do it?”
Jiang Hao didn’t know what to do. He only hoped that there would be no trouble. There were four Golden Core Realm cultivators. He was no match if they chose to attack together.
Jiang Hao felt that he needed to raise his cultivation further..