Chapter 52
Chapter 52: Trickery
“The rest?” Jiang Hao opened the booklet and continued jotting down their names.
“Beixue of the Sunset Immortal Sect,” said a woman coldly.
‘Sunset Immortal Sect?’ Jiang Hao recorded everything without revealing his feelings. He then looked at Lu Meng. “Junior Sister Lu, you can escort her to the mine with you.”
Lu Meng nodded.
“Situ Jian of the Blackheaven Sect,” said a smiling young man.
“Shangguan Wen of the Blackheaven Sect,” said the man beside Situ Jian.
Jiang Hao turned to MO Du. “Junior Brother, please take Shangguan Wen with you. I’ll escort Situ Jian to the mine.”
Jiang Hao felt that Situ Jian and Shangguan Wen were the most dangerous among the group. Shangguan Wen seemed to be someone who was forgotten too easily. Jiang Hao suspected that he could launch a sneak attack.
MO Du nodded. Jiang Hao whispered to him, “Be careful. Don’t let him out of your sight.”
MO Du felt that Jiang Hao was being unnecessarily cautious, but he nodded anyway.
Halfway there, Jing Ru suddenly dropped to the ground and pressed her hand down.
Jing Lin tried to pull her up, but Jiang Hao stopped him. Wei Lei would have slapped Jing Lin for his carelessness first and then turned to Jing Ru.
Jiang Hao unsheathed his Half Moon Blade and pressed it to Jing Ru
t
s hand. “Do you want me to chop off your hand or will you hand that over?”
The atmosphere was unsettling. Jiang Hao watched Jing Ru carefully. There was no change in her aura.
Jing Ru stared at Jiang Hao and handed over the two spiritual talismans. Jiang Hao examined them. They were made of special materials.
Both were high-grade talismans. One was the Mountain Moving Talisman and another was the Nine Heavens Lightning Talisman.
“Did you truly want to cause trouble or were you deliberately letting me find this out?” asked Jiang Hao. “Search her!”
Jing Lin moved a step back. “Don’t you dare!”
“Those who resist will be killed on the spot,” said Jiang Hao sternly.
Jiang Hao had been trying to find a way to warn the others of the danger. With these talismans, he finally had an explanation for his team members.
“Please don’t get mad,” said the smiling Situ Jian. “We’ll cooperate wholeheartedly.”
Shangguan Wen and Beixue also raised their hands in the air in surrender.
Jing Ru gritted her teeth but remained quiet. Jiang Hao didn’t care if they were men or women. If he allowed them any courtesy, they would just use it against him.
After a short while, the three of them finished searching the captives. Jiang Hao glanced at the four prisoners. “Search them again.”
Jing Ru was enraged. Beixue looked indifferent. On the contrary, Shangguan Wen and Situ Jian appeared to be at ease.
After searching them for a second time, they led them to the mine. Jiang Hao briefly explained the work to Situ Jian.
“Fellow disciple. Are you a formidable disciple of this sect? You were truly impressive before,” said Situ Jian with a smile.
“You don’t seem to mind being forced to work in these mines,” said Jiang Hao.
Situ Jian chuckled. “My status in the Blackheaven Sect is… decent. Someone should be coming to take me back soon.”
“Until then, I hope you work diligently,” said Jiang Hao without emotion.
He was observing his surroundings. There weren’t many people outside the mine. Almost everyone was inside.
He had roughly figured out the layout of this place. The mine was like a maze. Anyone could end up lost or dead. Jiang Hao was worried that someone might appear from the shadows and attack him suddenly.
Not long after entering the mine, he saw a purple bubble.
When he passed by the bubble, a notification appeared on the interface.
[Divine Power Fragment +1]
As expected, there were benefits inside the mine!
He walked all the way to the innermost part of the mine and saw more bubbles. They were white and green.
[Ordinary Spirit Spear +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Strength +1]
[Endurance +1]
Feeling the bubbles absorb into his body, Jiang Hao was a little calm. At the very least, he could get bubbles while working here. He was not sure if the bubbles would appear in the same spot the next day.
Unfortunately, everything wasn’t that easy. There would be dangers lurking in the shadows. Not only the spies but also the captives might turn violent at any time.
The arrival of Situ Jian and the other three captives had raised his suspicion. They weren’t even the last batch of captives to be escorted to the mine.
He needed to warn the manager.
Wei Lei slammed his hand on the table and jumped up.
“If they dare to pull a trick like this, do you think they aren’t capable of something more?! They should have been killed on the spot! Leaving them alive will bring disaster later. I left you in charge, and you failed on the first job! How could you make such a stupid mistake?”
Jiang Hao stood quietly. He explained the situation to Wei Lei.
He was from the Cliff of Broken Hearts, so Wei Lei had no right to punish him. This wasn’t even a “mistake” as Wei Lei put it.
At this moment, they were gathered at the administrative building. Wu Yuanwu sat in the middle of the desk and listened quietly.
Wei Lie sat on his left. A woman sat on the right. She was dressed in simple clothes. She was a fairy, who was at the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. That was indeed rare to see.
“Junior Brother Wei, don’t exaggerate. Please, calm down,” said the woman with a smile. “This kind of thing happens. The woman was just trying to hide the talismans. This is actually the Lawless Tower’s fault. They should have searched them more meticulously. How did they miss something like this? However, if it bothers you too much, I can take Junior Brother Jiang off your hands. He can work under me. He is not that bad, and I do need more people.”
In his anger, Wei Lie willingly agreed. Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. At least he wouldn’t have to face disciples from the Immortal Sects anymore.
The woman led him out of the administrative building. As soon as they walked out, she introduced herself.
“Junior Brother Jiang, let’s try to learn more about each other. I am Yan Hua.”
‘Yan Hua?!’ The name shocked him..