Chapter 53
Chapter 53: The Way To Advance In Cultivation Realm Is Through Mining
‘Yan Hua of Heavenly Saint Sect?!’
Jiang Hao had seen her name when appraising the puppet.
He had assumed Yan Hua was a man. ‘So, she’s the one who’s after me?’
He had no choice but to wait. He would have a chance tomorrow to use the Daily Appraisal ability on her.
After they were done introducing themselves, Yan Hua explained the job to him. Jiang Hao only needed to enter the mine and supervise the workers.
He needed to make sure there was progress when it came to mining. Otherwise, he would be in trouble.
“Not too difficult, right?” asked Yan Hua with a smile. “If you find anything difficult, you can always tell me.”
“Of course, Senior Sister,” said Jiang Hao and bowed. “Thank you.” He stayed calm the rest of the day.
The next day, when Jiang Hao met Yan Hua again, he used the Daily Appraisal on her.
[Yan Hua: In the intermediate stage of Golden Core Realm. Fanatic disciple of the Heavenly Saint Sect. She has been undercover in the Ice Moon Valley for
many years and has buried puppets all around the sect. When she found out that you had the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, she wanted to turn you into a puppet. She missed her chance last time.]
Jiang Hao’s heart sank. This was bad. He couldn’t fight her. Even if he used Shiyu, he might not be able to win against someone in the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm.
He never thought he would be targeted by someone this strong. She even knew about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower!
Jiang Hao wondered if others knew about it too.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re right on time!” Yan Hua smiled at him. “Today, you will go up to the 6th open-pit. You just need to go in and supervise. The work is faster there, and it is fairly safe.”
“Ah, right…” she whispered. “The people from yesterday will be there too. Senior Brother Wu said we just need to observe them for now. Lure them out if they try anything. Be careful.”
‘All four of them?’ Jiang Hao felt that Yan Hua was deliberately trying to put him into such a situation. Maybe she wanted the four people to distract him while she found an opening to launch an attack.
He nodded and thanked her. He then headed into the mine.
He found the workers. They all looked dead.
They were all skinny and ragged with scars and wounds. The newly captured disciples still had a little life in them, but the bruises on their bodies from endless whipping were apparent.
He saw Situ Jian and the others among them. He didn’t make them split up. They remained in a group of four as they worked. Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. He opened his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 63/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 65/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 2/3 (cannot be obtained)]
’21?!’ Jiang Hao was surprised. A year had passed, and he hadn’t even noticed. He was already at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm! Soon, he could advance to the middle stage.
‘I’m almost through!’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘I only need a few months till my cultivation reaches 100, but can Yan Hua, Situ Jian, and the others wait till then to attack me?’
His gaze was focused on the Divine Ability section. If he could find one more purple bubble, he would be able to obtain another ability!
The ability was bound to be something powerful this time. Perhaps he could face Yan Hua with the new ability and his Primordial heavenly Blade.
The workers began to dig holes in the mine shaft. Occasionally, they found some spirit stones.
Jiang Hao remained alert. However, from his observation, the 6th open-pit wasn’t suitable for sneak attacks. Yan Hua would not dare to make a move in such an open space. Jiang Hao would definitely sense her presence.
As for the people who were there, aside from Situ Jian and his group, nobody else hid their cultivation level.
Jiang Hao approached a disciple, who was holding a whip.
“Senior Brother Jiang, how can I help you?” asked the disciple.
“Do you happen to have an extra hoe?” asked Jiang Hao.
He wanted to see if he could find more bubbles today. He couldn’t visit the Spirit Herb Garden and had to put the spirit beast on hold, too. If he wanted more bubbles, he needed to explore the mine.
He wondered how quickly the bubbles would appear in this mine. Would he have to dig every day? Or would it appear every day in the same spot?
If he could find many bubbles here, then advancing fast in his cultivation realm wouldn’t remain a dream.
The mine was dangerous, but it seemed that it was also full of opportunities. Mu Qi had obtained something remarkable here, after all.
He didn’t want rare treasures or inheritance. He just wanted some bubbles.
The other disciples were stunned. Jiang Hao walked away with his hoe. “Junior Brother, don’t let them out of your sight,” he warned.
Everyone looked at Jiang Hao. They weren’t sure why he wanted a hoe. He was supposed to just stand around and supervise them.
Even Situ Jian and his group were puzzled.
Jiang Hao walked to a side and swung his hoe at an ore that protruded from the wall.
Some of the outer disciples of the sect, who were in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, were shocked. They couldn’t understand why a senior was working when he could just stand in a corner and order others around.
Jiang Hao didn’t pay them any attention. He used the power of his Foundation Establishment Realm to boost his hoe, and soon, he knocked out a piece of ore from the cave wall. A white bubble fell out with
the ore.
[Strength +1]