Chapter 54
Chapter 54: Happy to Mine
Several bubbles appeared.
Although they were mostly white, it was still better than nothing.
At least it proved to Jiang Hao that bubbles could be found in the mine. He became even more energetic. He controlled the flow of his energy and strength so that he could keep digging for a while longer.
Jiang Hao took care not to reveal his cultivation realm accidentally. He deliberately used the lowest level of energy from the Foundation Establishment Realm.
In this way, nobody could accuse him of using more energy and lifeblood despite being at the Foundation Establishment Stage.
He dug out more ores, and with it, more white bubbles. Occasionally, a few green bubbles appeared along with the white.
[Strength +1] [Spirit +1]
[Spear +1]
Jiang Hao didn’t stop. He worked persistently. When he dug out ores of better quality, some blue bubbles appeared with them.
[Cultivation +1]
He sighed in relief. After so many days, he finally had a hope of advancing through his cultivation level.
With only his talent, it would take him more than ten years to advance to the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. The blue bubbles were the fastest way of advancing. With enough blue bubbles, it would only take him a year or so.
The sound of the hoe hitting rocks and ores rang through the mine. The ores were of high quality, but Jiang Hao didn’t care. He ordered the workers to gather them and take them away.
His goal was only to obtain more blue bubbles. The speed at which the bubbles appeared was unbelievable.
They appeared one after another. Nobody had seen the bubbles appear so fast in the mines. Perhaps Jiang Hao had found a method to attract the bubbles to him.
Mining was the fastest way to become stronger. Jiang Hao’s Cultivation and
Lifeblood increased. He had already absorbed around 10 blue bubbles by now.
As Jiang Hao swung the hoe at the ore, it broke with a clang. Jiang Hao frowned. He wished he could take out his Primordial Heavenly Blade and slice through the ores. However, that would draw too much attention to him.
“Senior… Senior Brother Jiang, do you want to rest for a while?” asked the supervising disciple.
Wu Jing was an outer disciple of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. He only needed to advance once to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm, and then he could join the inner sect.
He could even apply to leave the mine after that. Usually, disciples were free to leave after they joined the inner sect and could even apply for other jobs. However, the recent fight had caused a shortage of people, so nobody was allowed to leave their work, especially in the mines.
The disciple was flustered. He didn’t know what to do with this senior. Jiang Hao looked around and saw that everyone was taking a break. He nodded and walked to a corner. He asked the junior if he could get him a better hoe.
“Senior Brother Jiang, do you still want to dig for ores?” asked Wu Jing in confusion.
“Yeah. Don’t worry. I will make sure everyone is safe.”
His job was to make sure the workers were safe, and that the work was progressing smoothly. That was what he intended to do.
“Which branch of the Heavenly Note Sect are you from?” asked Situ Jian.
Jiang Hao had just crouched down to catch a breath when Situ Jian had quietly approached him. “If you are done resting, go and work.”
Jiang Hao didn’t want to encourage any sort of interaction with the captives. He wanted to wait until he could appraise them tomorrow.
The four people from before definitely meant trouble. He needed to advance to the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm as soon as possible.
He didn’t know how much time he had until these four people tried something dangerous. Jiang Hao had a lot on his mind. He wanted to dig more.
He couldn’t be too impatient. Back in the Devil’s Den, it was because of his impatience that Lou Feng had found him suspicious.
He didn’t want to do anything like that because he didn’t want to attract Yan Hua’s attention. He had no choice but to be patient.
After a while, Wu Jing finally brought him a hoe. This time, it was not an ordinary mining hoe. It was a hoe of the level of a magic treasure.
“Senior Brother Jiang, I got this from the management building. Please don’t break it.” Wu Jing looked troubled. “Otherwise…”
“Will it cost you spirit stones? How many?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yeah. I don’t have spirit stones right now,” said Wu Jing. “I get 10% from the advancement mission and the harvest mission.”
Jiang Hao nodded. “Thank you. I’ll be careful.”
Wu Jing then returned to his position to supervise the workers. Jiang Hao began to dig.
The bubbles popped up one after the other. As they flew and absorbed into his body, he could feel the change in his Cultivation and Lifeblood.
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1] [Spiritual Sword +1] [Cultivation +1]
[Cultivation +1]
If he dug more, perhaps something better than blue bubbles might pop up. He was euphoric, but he made sure to maintain a calm front. He didn’t want others to get suspicious.
The speed at which he dug was unbelievable. The other felt frustrated. They assumed that this inner sect disciple was only showing off on the first day. From the next, it would fall on them to dig for ores and treasures. Only people at a low level of cultivation like them suffered the consequences..