Chapter 55
Chapter 55: Devour Him Whole
Jiang Hao didn’t know what the others thought of him, and he didn’t care. It didn’t stop him from digging. Instead, it made him even more persistent. He didn’t stop, except for when the rocks fell, and he had to move out of the way.
As the sky darkened outside, Jiang Hao put away the hoe and looked around the mine shaft.
Today’s progress was good. The workers heaved a sigh of relief. At least now, they could hope for a filling meal.
The people of the mine also wanted to make a name for themselves. With a high cultivation level like Wu Jing, it was easy for them to advance to the title of a supervisor. They could even become an inner sect disciple if they worked diligently and had no criminal records.
As for the captives…
After reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, they would be thrown into the Lawless Tower again and would be escorted to the mines to work. However, despite high security, there were always some people who managed to escape.
Jiang Hao glanced at Situ Jian and the others. At this moment, Shangguan Wen, who seemed to be so easily forgotten, suddenly turned to him.
Jiang Hao was caught by surprise, but he didn’t avoid his gaze. He just stared back at Shangguan Wen until the man turned away.
Jiang Hao felt a sense of urgency to increase his cultivation level.
After a day of mining, he obtained a total of nine Cultivation bubbles and eight Lifeblood bubbles. Mostly, white and green bubbles.
Even if they were few, they were better than nothing. In fact, even the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower didn’t produce this many bubbles.
After last time, the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower only produced two bubbles every three days, which wasn’t much. [Lifeblood: 71/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 74/100 (can be cultivated)]
‘If everything goes smoothly, I can advance quickly within four days!’ Jiang Hao hoped there would be no trouble in these four days.
When they all left the mine for the day, Yan Hua approached Jiang Hao with a smile. “I heard you were busy digging, Junior Brother Jiang.”
“Well… I had nothing else to do, so I was just helping out. I wanted to repay you for your kindness, Senior Sister.”
No one seemed to like Wei Lei around this area, but if Jiang Hao had a choice, he would choose Wei Lei over Yan Hua anv day. At least Wei Lei didn’t want to kill him.
Yan Hua was different. Perhaps she was waiting for Situ Jian and the others to cause some trouble, so she could find an opening to strike.
However, she had benefited from the recent mining work.
“Then Junior Brother Jiang, I will rely on you to do what you can,” said Yan Hua. “Will you escort people into the 6th open-pit and supervise them tomorrow too?”
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao.
They talked for a while, and Jiang Hao took his leave.
He needed to be extra careful. As he walked away, he felt eyes boring into his back from a distance. It made him uncomfortable. It felt as though she was going to devour him whole.
He saw many people around the mine. So far, no one seemed suspicious. The captives still had hope that some people from their own sects would rescue them in the future.
He sighed and walked away. The Law Enforcement Hall didn’t care about the mines. As long as the people worked and brought them ores, that was good enough for them.
Along the way, he saw some people who were out and about on patrols. Their cultivation level was very high.
The next day, Jiang Hao continued mining. He was even more diligent that day. The others were curious about him. They wondered how long this inner sect disciple would carry on.
Jiang Hao had appraised Situ Jian and found something significant.
[Situ Jian: Successive disciple of the Blackheaven Sect. In the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. Excellent talent. He used the Sky-Stealing Dharma treasure to divert Lawless’s absorption and sealed his cultivation with the Spirit Binding Talisman before hiding in the mine of the Heavenly Note Sect. The two talismans discovered were actually his. He was intending to blow up the mine and damage the Heavenly Note Sect. While mining, he left behind some untraceable runes. He is curious about you.]
The result of the appraisal was surprising. He had intended for Jiang Hao to discover those talismans! He wondered why Jing Ru had agreed to be part of Situ Jian’s plan. Wasn’t she afraid? Was there somebody else helping them?
Jiang Hao had many questions in his mind. However, he had to wait till tomorrow to use his Daily Appraisal ability.
As for the runes left behind by Situ Jian, Jiang Hao would investigate the area. If there was something amiss, he would immediately report it.
Jiang Hao dug with all his might. He didn’t care much about concealing his strength this time because he needed to advance his cultivation as soon as possible before these captives attacked him.
Many bubbles popped up. They were mostly white, green, and blue.
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1] [Cultivation +1] [Lifeblood +1] [Spirit +1]
[Lifeblood Pill +1]
His strength and spirit increased bit by bit. Jiang Hao was focused on getting stronger. If he mined here for a hundred years, he was bound to become the strongest.
By the end of the day, Jiang Hao had obtained a total of 20 blue bubbles, in addition to the white and green.
Of the 20 blue bubbles, 10 were for Cultivation and 10 for Lifeblood.
‘Soon…’ Jiang Hao said to himself.
When it was time for him to leave, Jiang Hao examined the grounds of the mine. He didn’t find anything. ‘Where did Situ Jian conceal the runes?’
He was also in the Golden Core Realm and had read the nameless manual to detect energy fluctuations. However, he couldn’t sense anything here.
He couldn’t really tell anyone about this, so he pretended as though everything was fine.
Today’s progress was at least 20% better than yesterday’s. The others were happy too. They would definitely get better food tonight.
The next day, Jiang Hao appraised Jing Ru..