Chapter 56
Chapter 56: Wanting to Kill Yan Hua
[Jing Ru: Successive disciple of the Wind Lightning Sect. In the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. She used the same method as Situ Jian to bypass the Lawless Tower and enter the mine of the Heavenly Note Sect. She saw that you weren’t ruthless, so she deliberately let you discover the talismans. The two talismans were both triggers. Regardless of whether they are destroyed or not, they can attract experts from other sects. She, along with Situ Jian, wanted to damage the mine and free the captives. She secretly communicates with others by using a secret talisman and will be able to perfect the location in half a month.]
‘So, she thought I didn’t look heartless and used me?’ Jiang Hao sighed. It wasn’t the first time that something like this had happened.
There was still half a month left! He still had time. As long as he mined quickly enough to find more bubbles, he could advance to the intermediate stage soon. If he reached the intermediate stage soon enough, he might still be able to avoid Yan Hua.
As for the attacks from the Blackheaven Sect…
He wasn’t sure if he could face all of them. However, if he could deal with Situ Jian and the others before the sect arrived, he would be safe.
He couldn’t tell anyone about his suspicions. He hadn’t even found the runes in the mine that Situ Jian had supposedly hidden.
Jiang Hao knew that danger was approaching. He couldn’t slow things down any longer. He dug with all his might.
The others found Jiang Hao’s behavior incomprehensible. However, seeing their supervisor being so diligent, they didn’t dare lag behind. Besides, if they worked well, they would get better meals at night.
Three days later, Jiang Hao finally finished mining.
Almost all the blue bubbles were wasted today because his interface didn’t absorb it at all. However, Jiang Hao continued a while longer for the white and green bubbles.
If he was lucky, he could accumulate more attributes and preserve them to advance to the next level.
He mined when the others did and took a break after a while. He observed the workers around him.
‘I can finally advance tonight,’ thought Jiang Hao.
As for Situ Jian and the other three, he had already appraised them all.
Shangguan Wen was indeed very dangerous. Although he was only in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm, he was gifted. He had the ability to control every inch of his skin and his power.
They had implanted an explosive somewhere. Its energy was reduced to the point that it was almost untraceable.
Jiang Hao investigated the ground very closely. If he wasn’t careful, he could trigger whatever they had hidden.
However, he found nothing once again.
He sighed in defeat. He had to admit that the enemies were very meticulous. Even with the help of the knowledge from the nameless manual, he couldn’t sense anything at all.
Unfortunately, time was of the essence. He needed to master the nameless manual if he wanted to find the runes. However, he couldn’t do that in one day. Jiang Hao always remained alert, even in his own courtyard. He rarely slept.
However, he needed some rest today.
Some spirit herbs swayed in the wind in his courtyard. Jiang Hao had planted them thinking that they would produce some bubbles.
He placed his special hoe in the courtyard and looked at it. He didn’t know if anyone had bugged the hoe to monitor him, but it was better not to keep it with him inside the house.
Jiang Hao walked into his house and opened his interface.
[Lifeblood: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
He chose the option to cultivate. The next moment, spiritual energy surged into his body. Jiang Hao was taken aback at the strength of the energy.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra began to circulate, and purple energy guided his lifeblood.
After the circulation started subsiding, his spiritual energy returned to his core. His lifeblood strengthened his body to a hundred meridians.
At this moment, the Golden Core was being nourished by his spiritual energy, and it was growing stronger by the second.
As his spiritual energy calmed, Jiang Hao knew that he had advanced to the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm.
Everything had gone smoothly. He did not stop there. He made his lifeblood circulate to enhance his cultivation further.
At the same time, he concealed much of his cultivation so that he didn’t accidentally reveal it to others.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao opened his drowsy eyes. He got up and took out his Primordial Heavenly Blade. He practiced the stance for the first form out of the Seven Forms of The Heavenly Blade.
He sensed the powerful intent of the saber. It made him feel more at ease.
‘Should I look for Yan Hua?’ Jiang Hao hesitated with the thought.
Yan Hua rarely stayed back in the mines after dark. If anyone was killed outside the mines, it would attract the attention of the Law Enforcement Hall. He had to be patient.
Jiang Hao headed to the mine and continued digging. Mining was indeed the fastest way to earn more bubbles! For a moment, Jiang Hao thought that it wouldn’t be such a bad idea to work here.
However, the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was too big of a responsibility for him to leave unattended.
Jiang Hao saw a shadow outside. He was on his guard. However, when he went outside, he saw that it was just the demoness. ‘Why is she here?’
Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Hong Yuye held a hoe and observed everyone around her. She turned to Jiang
Hao after a while.
“You seem surprised,” she said.
“Greetings, Senior.” Jiang Hao bowed. “I am a little surprised, to be honest.”
He didn’t think she would appear in the mines.
“Where is my flower?” she asked without emotion.
“A-at my house,” said Jiang Hao. Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao for a long time. “Hm… and my tea?”
Jiang Hao was rendered speechless..