Chapter 57
Chapter 57: Special Treasure Under The Mine
“It seems you’ve been ignoring my instructions,” said Hong Yuye. Her aura surged. It was vast and massive, like the Yangtze River.
“S-Senior…” stammered Jiang Hao. “I didn’t really mean to do that intentionally. I was, in fact, trying to find that blend of tea when I was called to work in the mines. I cannot disobey the order from the sect. I couldn’t uproot the flower and bring it here with me. I thought the environment would be unsuitable for its growth.”
Hong Yuye’s gaze pushed him against the wall with a force. However, she let him go.
She picked up the hoe. ‘You like mining?
“I-I have begun to…”
Hong Yuye turned to him. Jiang Hao got nervous. “Yes, I like it!”
She threw the hoe back to him. Then, she walked out of the mine as though she was there for a leisurely stroll. “Follow me.” Jiang Hao picked up his hoe and didn’t dare hesitate a second longer. Hong Yuye stopped at the edge of the mine.
“Senior, there are a lot of people here.” Jiang Hao reminded her.
Hong Yuye glanced at him. “Are you worried that I’ll be in danger if someone sees me here?” she asked. “Or… are you worried you’ll be in danger if you are seen with me?”
“The first one, of course,” he lied. He was only worried about himself.
“I see you haven’t stopped with your lies,” said Hong Yuye. She didn’t berate him this time.
She looked around the mine. “Did you find an inheritance inside?”
Jiang Hao hesitated and then nodded. “Yes.” That wasn’t a lie.
He had indeed found an inheritance in the mines. It had appeared when he was still refining his advancement. He had practically done it right under her nose. She would already know by now that he was in the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm.
This was dangerous. Who knows what other secrets this woman would pry into?
“It is said that this mine was the center of war in the distant past. Some still believe there are many fallen treasures inside. Many spent their time digging persistently to find them. Others tried to blow up the mines because they thought these treasures were hidden in the depths,” said Hong Yuye without emotion.
She sounded like she was talking about something ordinary and unimportant. However, her words shocked Jiang Hao. He realized that whoever had put Situ Jian and the captives here was planning to find out if the legend was true.
Jiang Hao had never heard about the legend. No one had ever mentioned it. Situ Jian and the others probably didn’t know about it, either.
However, if Situ Jian’s plan succeeded, the Heavenly Note Sect would suffer a crushing defeat even if they won against Azure Mountain.
“Senior, are you also here to obtain the special treasure?” asked Jiang Hao.
Even though he didn’t know what the treasure would be, he guessed it might be something valuable if the demoness was after it.
He didn’t want the treasure. The Law Enforcement Hall’s investigation was meticulous. They would eventually hunt him down if he hid the treasure.
So, he would hand the treasure in if he happened to find it. He didn’t want to attract any attention to himself. He wanted others to think he wasn’t someone significant, and that he was just a simple disciple who planted and took care of the spirit herbs.
Hong Yuye glanced at him, but she didn’t answer. However, her look was full of disdain.
Jiang Hao’s heart sank. ‘When will I get rid of this demoness?’
He sensed that she hadn’t sought him out because of his background, or to keep an update on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It was something else…
Was it because of The Heaven Extinction Yang Gu Poison?
That made him feel even more nervous as though a knife was hanging above his head. She was even more dangerous than the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, the Sunset Immortal Sect, and the Heavenly Saint Sect combined.
Jiang Hao had offended so many people at once. He sighed inwardly.
Hong Yuye turned around and left. She took a few steps and disappeared into thin air.
A voice sounded in his mind. “Remember that your job is to take care of my flower. If I see you in the mine next time, there’ll be consequences.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He needed to find a way to leave the mines.
He didn’t linger around and went down. He saw Yan Hua smiling at him.
Jiang Hao always felt her gaze on him. Whenever he sensed her watching him, it made his scalp tingle.
“Junior Brother Jiang, the group you led to the 6th open-pit has shown so much progress!” said Yan Hua. “It seems assigning the job to you was the right thing to do.”
Jiang Hao thought that keeping Yan Hua happy right now was his best bet to delay her attacks. As long as he did well, she would be content.
Good progress meant better rewards. If Jiang Hao increased the progress, Yan Hua would receive the reward, or so she thought. That was fine with him.
He thanked her and went off to mine again. If possible, he wanted to advance to the next stage as soon as possible. It was always better to become stronger than the enemy.
Besides, from what the demoness said, people from the Blackheaven Sect must be on their way to invade the mines. They wanted the treasure hidden in the mines.
At night, Situ Jian and the other three captives returned to their accommodation. This was just a crude shelter that provided some protection from the wind and the rain. The space was very small. It was quite crowded.
“Isn’t it about time?” asked Beixue flatly. Her face held no emotions at all as if they had been sucked dry.
“I still need some time. About seven to eight days,” said Jing Ru. “The person with the talisman doesn’t move very often, so I can’t set the perimeter of the location. That’s why the progress is so slow. I was so worried that he might not have found the talismans, after all.”
“It’s risky. What if he makes a move?” asked Shangguan Wen.
“That won’t happen,” said Jing Ru with a smile. “I can sense that Jiang Hao isn’t very ruthless. He is not a killer. He seems to be far too cautious for his own good. I didn’t expect him to hand over the talismans directly, though. He seems to be an honest person. But I am prepared for the worst. Even if I am caught, I won’t implicate any of you. If it wasn’t for the fact that destroying the talismans requires someone from the Golden Core Realm, we wouldn’t need to go through so much trouble.”
Jing Ru turned to Situ Jian.. “How are your preparations going?”