Chapter 58
Chapter 58: Killing Jiang Hao in One Move
Situ Jian shook his head. “I stopped setting up the runes.”
The others were surprised. Although they were assigned together to get the job done, they weren’t very familiar with each other in the beginning. It had taken a few days for them to get to know one another. After that, they assigned small tasks among themselves to get things done. Even if they were caught, they were loyal enough not to put each other in danger.
“Why?” asked Beixue.
“I did set up runes in the beginning, but…” Situ Jian sighed. “After we met Jiang Hao, I stopped.”
“Is he that dangerous?” asked Shangguan Wen.
“I don’t know… He shouldn’t be. He doesn’t look dangerous or powerful,” said Situ Jian.
“He did notice my little trick, though. He is definitely not mediocre, or he wouldn’t have noticed it at all,” said Jing Ru.
“I just… sense something, you know. I feel that he is more dangerous than he looks,” said Situ Jian. “So, I stopped setting up the runes to prevent him from noticing it.” He looked at them. “Also, didn’t you notice? He always hangs around at the end and searches the ground as though he is looking for something. I think he knows what we are up to. He is just trying to find evidence. Be careful.”
“Aren’t you just being unnecessarily cautious?” asked Jing Ru.
“Better that than getting caught,” said Situ Jian with a smile. “Now, we just need to wait till the location is perfected. The things we prepared till now will be enough. There’s no need to take extra risks. Have you secured the escape route?”
“Yes,” said Beixue. “I found a way out from the back. When the time comes, we just need to leave that way. We don’t need to do anything else. I am guessing the seniors are planning to attack the mine for some bigger purpose?”
“Maybe,” said Situ Jian. “Have you found the people you wanted to save?
Remember to inform the seniors when the time comes. Don’t take too long.”
“Once our plan is a success, I feel like Jiang Hao will chase after us. Do we kill him when that happens?” asked Shangguan Wen.
“My opinion is that if he doesn’t harm us directly, we shouldn’t make him our enemy,” said Jing Ru.
Shangguan Wen looked at Beixue and Jing Ru.
“If he’s really powerful like Situ Jian seems to think he is, then having him as an enemy will only ruin our plan,” said Jing Ru.
“We’ll see what to do when we get to it. We’ll need to act quickly depending on the situation,” said Beixue.
“I don’t think it will be particularly difficult to kill him. I can kill him in one move,” said Shangguan Wen. “I have observed him. In terms of strength, cultivation, and spirit, he doesn’t seem to have any outstanding points. Getting rid of him should be easy. Don’t worry about him. We can observe for a few more days to see if anything happens.”
“The Heavenly Note Sect will keep a close eye on us, so things won’t go as smoothly as we expect,” said Situ Jian.
The others remained quiet. They waited and observed the situation for a few more days.
Jiang Hao spent the next few days mining. Every time he sensed Yan Hua close, he felt her eyes on him. It felt as though she couldn’t get her hands on him soon enough to turn him into one of her puppets.
Jiang Hao stayed calm and composed. He didn’t mind. In fact, he was waiting for her to strike, so he could fight back.
He had gone to look for Yan Hua a few days ago. It had already been five days since he had advanced to the intermediate stage.
He also knew that people from the Blackheaven Sect were coming here soon.
He was about to check his interface when he heard a sound coming from the ores nearby.
“Retreat! Quickly!” shouted Jiang Hao to the workers.
The miners were confused. Only three people seemed to take his words to heart. They fled.
A huge snake demon broke out of the rock. As it slithered, chunks of rocks broke off and fell to the ground. It was a Rock-Drilling Snake.
The miners who didn’t move out of the way were struck by the falling rocks. The miners who had managed to hide were a little nervous.
At this moment, the Rock-Drilling Snake opened its mouth wide, preparing to swallow the people who were trapped beneath the fallen rocks.
The junior supervisor, Wu Jing, was about to attack the snake.
However, a silver light glinted somewhere, and the snake’s head fell to the ground. The light appeared again, like rays of moonlight, and cut the snake into pieces.
The creature in the intermediate stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm was killed just like that. It had happened so quickly that everyone was surprised.
Wu Jing looked at Jiang Hao in disbelief. At this moment, Jiang Hao was retracting his saber.
Wu Jing had come across many Rock-Drilling Snakes in the mine. They always caused panic among the miners. The creature wasn’t very strong, but it sometimes caught people defenseless. Sometimes, even the inner sect disciples were helpless before the creature. However, it had been killed the moment it appeared.
The miners looked at Jiang Hao with newfound respect. They felt that this supervisor was indeed very strong.
Situ Jian looked at Jiang Hao. He felt that it would be better not to run into him in the future. His instinct told him that Jiang Hao wasn’t as simple as he seemed.
Three people had been caught under the falling rocks. Two men and one woman.
Jiang Hao walked over to them. One of the men had suffered a severe injury on his thigh. The woman’s arm was wounded, too. She wore the clothes of some other sect.
Jiang Hao took out a Pain-Relieving Talisman and threw it on her arm. The woman looked around smugly, as though to say that even as a captive, she was better than them.
The injured man lowered his head and didn’t say anything.
Jiang Hao kicked him. “Open your mouth.”
The man was surprised. He opened his mouth, and Jiang Hao placed a medicinal pill into it. The man swallowed.
There was an immediate effect. His lifeblood surged, and his thigh began healing. He could even feel his cultivation improving. “This…”
“Just sit and rest for a while. I’ll continue with my work,” said Jiang Hao.
As he was about to leave, the woman grabbed him. “Was that a spirit-gathering pill?” she asked. “I’m injured too. Why didn’t you give me one?”
Jiang Hao was stunned..