Chapter 59
Chapter 59: The Stupid Woman
The people in the mines were shocked at the woman’s actions. Many were also surprised that Jiang Hao had talismans and pills on him.
“Why should I give you a spirit-gathering pill?” Jiang Hao asked the woman.
Judging trom her build, she seemed to be in the late stage ot the Foundation Establishment Realm. She was young, which meant she could still advance rapidly.
However, she had quite an attitude. Those who were of a lower level of cultivation should know their place. They needed to have respect for the ones who were of higher cultivation level than them, otherwise, they would end up dead.
The fact that the woman was demanding something from someone who was of higher cultivation than her meant that she might have been born into a noble family and lacked manners.
“He’s injured, and I’m injured too. Why is it that I only get a Pain-Relieving
Talisman, and he gets a spirit-gathering pill?” asked Ren Shuang haughtily.
She assumed that she didn’t need to be afraid of Jiang Hao since he was kind enough to give the injured workers talismans and pills. She was the daughter of an elder of the Blackheaven Sect. She wasn’t inferior to anyone here!
Jiang Hao raised his Half-Moon Blade and placed it at her throat. It wasn’t unsheathed, but he didn’t need to. The threat was clear.
“Are you able to mine?” he asked.
“I’m injured. I can’t work in this condition!” said Ren Shuang indignantly.
The blade flashed, and blood flowed out of a cut on Ren Shuang’s neck. It was only a small cut.
She covered her neck. A chill ran down her spine.
“I’m going to ask again,” said Jiang Hao. “Can you mine or not?”
“Yes! Yes, I can!” Ren Shuang trembled in fear. The hand that covered the cut on her neck was already tainted by blood. She knew that if she said no, she would be decapitated.
“That’s great!” Jiang Hao retracted his blade and turned to leave.
He instructed Wu Jing to drag out the corpse of the beast. After collecting two blue bubbles, he picked up the hoe and began to dig.
The others followed suit. Ren Shuang covered the cut with her hands and tried her best to stop the bleeding.
Jing Ru glanced at Jiang Hao and frowned. It seemed that he was indeed different from what she had imagined.
Shangguan Wen lowered his head and continued to dig. No one knew what he was thinking.
After what had just happened, everyone seemed to be a little afraid of Jiang Hao. They worked quietly and diligently.
Their progress at the end of the day was 30% better than yesterday. Wu Jing was in disbelief. He had never seen the miners work so diligently before.
He was shocked by Jiang Hao. It seemed that inner sect disciples were not someone to mess with.
Yan Hua smiled. “Junior Brother Jiang, you are amazing!”
“You flatter me, Senior Sister Yan,” said Jiang Hao humbly.
“By the way, the four people from before? Do they seem suspicious?” she asked.
Jiang Hao shook his head. Other than the information he got from the appraisal; he hadn’t found anything else.
It made him curious. He needed to read the nameless manual and grasp the concepts once more. However, he didn’t have time. He could only focus on refining his cultivation for now.
Two days later, Jiang Hao appraised Jing Ru again. The information he got from the ability revealed that she would be able to perfect the location tomorrow. The attackers might then arrive.
‘Tomorrow…’
It would be dangerous in the mine as well as outside.
That day, Jiang Hao opened his interface when he reached home.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Intermediate Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Vitality: 70/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 75/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Power: 2/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘Even if I find more bubbles tomorrow, it won’t be enough. I need at least two days to accumulate the attributes. Besides, I need one whole night to break through to the next stage!’
Jiang Hao was silent. There was no other choice.
He let out a weary sigh and went out to look for Wu Yuanwu.
As he got near the mine, he observed the people who were strolling around. Some of them were in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. A few were even above that level.
He didn’t know if the Heavenly Note Sect had sensed anything. Jiang Hao wondered if he should just leave the sect. However, if he left, he would be at the mercy of others.
‘The best I can do right now is to avoid the calamity and focus on my cultivation. I have to survive tomorrow.’
Tomorrow was a big day. If he died tomorrow, all his effort would have been for nothing.
Jiang Hao felt that it was a pity he couldn’t break through to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm when he was this close. He went back to his house.
At daybreak, Jiang Hao walked out of his house. He glanced at the spirit herbs growing around his courtyard.
When the Blackheaven Sect and the others attacked today, this place would be targeted too. He couldn’t make any changes now because that would attract suspicions.
He wanted to tell someone about the impending attack but didn’t know who he should turn to.
When he arrived at the mines, Jiang Hao saw Yan Hua. She smiled. She seemed even more happy than usual.
Jiang Hao realized that she knew about the attack from the Blackheaven Sect. Once the attack began, she would come for him.
“Junior Brother Jiang, don’t run around once you enter the mine. If something…
happens, wait for me,” said Yan Hua. “Otherwise, you might get injured.” Jiang Hao nodded and said nothing more. He led the workers into the mine..