Chapter 60
Chapter 60: Don’t Try To Test Me
Jiang Hao could feel Yan Hua’s gaze on him as he walked into the mine. He couldn’t help it. He turned around to check.
Yan Hua was staring at him unwaveringly. When she saw him turn around, she smiled brightly.
Jiang Hao nodded at her and entered the mine. It unsettled him to live as someone’s target. Moreover, Yan Hua had some twisted plans for him.
When they reached the depths of the mine, Jiang Hao looked around and found a place that looked sturdy enough.
“Let’s dig here today,” he said.
No one had any objections. Usually, when they couldn’t find anything good in one place, they chose another area. So, it wasn’t unusual at all.
When everyone was busy digging, Jiang Hao glanced at Situ Jian and the other three. He noticed that they stood a little apart.
The four of them had spread out a little. They stood near other captives.
One of them was the woman from yesterday. It seemed like she was one of the people the Blackheaven Sect was going to rescue.
Jiang Hao was a little worried. He didn’t care about being targeted by the outside sects because he had no intention of leaving the Heavenly Note Sect anytime soon, at least not until he sorted the matter with the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
However, he was worried that the woman would order Situ Jian and the other captives to kill him when the Blackheaven Sect attacked.
This was too troublesome. He had to worry about Situ Jian and the others, Yan Hua, and the attackers!
It would be easier for him to expose his cultivation to the Heavenly Note Sect instead.
It was the beginning of the nightmare. He needed to be careful.
Jiang Hao observed Situ Jian and the others to see if they would make a move. He wanted to be ready if that happened.
Jiang Hao knew what his next steps would be. He would use the Demonic Sound Slash with the Primordial Heavenly Blade. He wanted to get rid of them all as soon as possible and escape from there.
That would be his last resort. He hoped no one would attack him so that he wouldn’t have to use such a violent method.
Jiang Hao picked up his hoe and got ready to dig. He didn’t know when the enemy would attack, but he couldn’t just stand around and do nothing.
Situ Jian projected his thoughts onto the arrogant Ren Shuang. “Junior Sister Ren, I am warning you. I am here to rescue you. But if you order me around or dare to act out, I won’t hesitate to leave you behind. After that, you’ll be trapped here for a lifetime. When I take you away from here, stay quiet. You can do as you please after we’re out of here, but until then, your life is in my hands. Don’t try to test me.”
Ren Shuang lowered her head and continued digging. She didn’t say a word.
She wished there was someone else who was tasked with rescuing her.
However, his cultivation was higher than hers, so she couldn’t go against him.
At noon, Yan Hua looked up at the sky and smiled. Then, she strode towards the mine. No one knew why she was suddenly making her way to the mine. Nobody dared to ask her.
In the cave, everyone was taking a break. Situ Jian and the others were sitting outside. Ren Shuang was also there with them. She lowered her head nervously.
She was not the only one. Some of the people in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm were also feeling anxious. Everyone seemed to know that today was the day.
Shangguan Wen and the others were much calmer. They had already made their preparations.
Inside, Jiang Hao, who was also taking a break, felt the sudden fluctuation in spiritual energy. It was very faint, but it was there.
‘They’re here.’
He held onto his Half-Moon Blade and made his own preparations.
Boom!
An explosion rang outside. The entire cave shook, and some parts of the mine collapsed.
Fortunately, Jiang Hao and the others weren’t in the line of fire.
Jiang Hao got up. He wanted to leave because he knew Yan Hua was coming for him and didn’t want to kill her here.
He was worried that Situ Jian and the others would take the opportunity and attack him along with Yan Hua.
Situ Jian was quick. He tore the talisman apart and began to retreat with the others.
“Fellow disciple Jiang, it seems there is something happening outside. I’m going to go and check,” said Situ Jian as the other disappeared deeper into the mine.
Jiang Hao was relieved. This could buy him some time.
The tremors stopped. Everyone felt helpless.
Wu Jing looked at Situ Jian and the others. He was angry. These people dared to run wherever they pleased without his permission!
He was going to chase after Situ Jian, but Jiang Hao stopped him. “Stay here and watch the miners. I’ll take a look outside. Wait for me here.”
Jiang Hao didn’t linger around to see if Wu Jing understood him. He ran outside.
Situ Jian and the others were going to escape from a route that was somewhere at the corner. Jiang Hao had found out the location when he had appraised Beixue. All he had to do was avoid that path.
They couldn’t go in or out of the mine. Yan Hua must be on her way. He needed to find other caves and decide whether he wanted to attack head -on or choose a defensive approach.
Not long after Jiang Hao left, Yan Hua appeared before Wu Jing.
“Manager Yan,” said Wu Jing in greeting.
Yan Hua looked around. Many people were missing from the mine. She didn’t care about the others. She was looking for one specific person.
“Where’s Jiang Hao?” she asked.
“Senior Brother Jiang went to check what was happening outside. He asked us to wait here,” said Wu Jing truthfully.
“Is that so?” Yan Hua smiled.
“Then you have to wait here. You’re not allowed to leave until he comes back.”
“Yes, of course.” Wu Jing lowered his head. Her smile scared him..