Chapter 61
Chapter 61: Senior Sister Yan, Be More Careful of People Like Me in Your Next Life
If Jiang Hao didn’t run to the deepest part of the mine, she could find him soon.
Yan Hua walked deeper into the mine. She didn’t seem worried about losing her way. She walked slowly and with purpose.
It got hotter. That was because the deeper part of the mine had lava. It was not an easy walk toward the opening to the outside.
“Are you trying to escape the mine alone, or did you really make your way there to check?” Yan Hua licked her dry lips. She wasn’t in a hurry. This was what she enjoyed. She liked to play the game of predator and prey. The more the prey tried to escape, the more fun the hunt would be.
It made her feel excited. She took out a small knife from the fold of her clothes. It was used to skin animals or even people.
She sighed. “I wonder how it will feel when I split his chest open and take out his heart.” She laughed softly. “I want to see what face he makes.”
She walked on and came to a cave that was scorching hot. In the middle of the cave was the opening where lava surged. If anyone fell in, they would burn to death.
Yan Hua was a little surprised. ‘He runs so fast…’
She looked around. She saw a path leading away, but she saw no trail of Jiang Hao. It meant he hadn’t left this place. Yan Hua smiled as she blocked the saber with her knife.
The next moment, she felt a dagger in her neck. She was taken aback.
She turned to look behind her. The saber pierced her heart. A knife flashed and cut her hand which held the knife. Her severed hand fell to the ground.
She still didn’t see Jiang Hao anywhere. Another sword pierced her from the side. Several swords flew at lightning speed and impaled her from all sides.
However, Yan Hua didn’t look to be in pain. There wasn’t even any blood.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re really naughty, aren’t you?” Yan Hua turned to look behind her. Only her head turned around on her neck. Her body remained as it was.
She could finally make out a faint figure. It was Jiang Hao.
His heart sank. Yan Hua was harder to kill than he had expected. He had impaled her from every direction and still couldn’t find any weak point in her body.
‘Did she turn herself into a puppet too?’ Jiang Hao wondered.
However, his Daily Appraisal ability had confirmed that this was her real body!
Jiang Hao appraised her once again. The panel told him that weak points existed in her body, but they were difficult to find.
“Senior Sister Yan, were you looking for me?”
She laughed. “When did you figure it out?” She was impressed. “Junior Brother Jiang, you are smarter than I expected. It is no wonder you were chosen to take care of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It’s very impressive.” “How many traitors like you are in the sect?” asked Jiang Hao.
He was charging his saber for a head-n attack. He needed a little time.
Yan Hua laughed again. “Do you have any last words?” She pulled out her spirit sword.
She looked at ease because she knew there was nowhere for Jiang Hao to escape.
Jiang Hao didn’t plan on escaping. He took out his Primordial Heavenly Blade. Purple energy swirled around the hilt of the saber.
“Senior Sister Yan, be more careful of people like me in your next life.” He brandished his saber and rushed forward.
He used the second form from the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression technique.
Boom!
A majestic aura surrounded the blade.
Yan Hua was stunned. Her calm eyes finally showed some semblance of fear.
The Primordial Heavenly Blade, Shiyu, descended with a force and cut through all obstacles. Yna Hua’s head turned blank.
Bang!
Blood and flesh exploded and flew everywhere.
Jiang Hao used the saber two more times to make sure she was really dead. He was worried that Yan Hua might get up at any moment and attack him again, so he threw the flesh and blood into the lava pit. He collected the stones and debris stained with her blood and threw them into the lava too.
Jiang Hao waited for a while to make sure Yan Hua wouldn’t crawl out of the pit suddenly. He then began to plan his next steps.
“She’s dead,” he muttered. “She’s really dead… I need to find out what is happening outside. If the Heavenly Note Sect isn’t a match for the attackers, the mine will blow up soon. I need to leave.”
He looked at the path that led outside. He wanted to go that way, but he was worried he would stumble upon Situ Jian and the others.
Jiang Hao waited there near the lava pit. He didn’t want to rush out and fight Situ Jian and the others. There was no use fighting against four people at the same time.
He glanced at the lava pit. He needed to be wary of the people from the Heavenly Saint Sect in the future.
Yan Hua had been difficult to kill. He couldn’t imagine how much more tough the Saintess-in-training, Ming Yi, would be.
Senior Brother Mu Qi had an affair with the Saintess, so he needed to be extra careful of him too. Mu Qi might be used by the Saintess to get to him, and he wouldn’t even realize it!
Boom!
The mine shook again. The lava surged up.
“I can’t wait any longer…”
Jiang Hao sheathed the Primordial heavenly Bade and prepared to leave. Just as he took a step forward, he realized that someone had just entered the cave.
“The road there is blocked. We have to take this road.” Beixue’s voice rang out.
Soon, Situ Jian and the others arrived too. They were as equally shocked to see Jiang Hao as he was to see them..