Chapter 62
Chapter 62: Why?
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly as more and more people followed behind them.
This was such a harsh coincidence. He was trying so hard to avoid them, only for them to walk in on him here.
The Half-Moon Blade appeared in his hand. He didn’t want any conflict.
Anyone who could bypass the Lawless Tower was not as simple as they looked.
Shangguan Wen and the others stared at Jiang Hao warily. They hadn’t expected to run into Jiang Hao too.
For a moment, everyone was too stunned to do anything.
Just as Shangguan Wen and Beixue drew their weapons, Situ Jian stepped forward with a smile. He stopped them.
“Fellow disciple Jiang, what a coincidence! We’re just going to make our way through that path. We won’t interrupt you in… whatever you were doing if you allow us to leave quietly. Please do us this one favor.”
Situ Jian gestured to the others to walk forward. He was last in line. As everyone walked toward the path, he turned back to look at Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao had no intention to fight all of them. If they just wanted to leave peacefully, he was more than willing to oblige.
He didn’t want to take any risks. It was better for everyone to leave this place as soon as possible. Besides, he had just fought with Yan Hua and exhausted much of his energy. He wasn’t at his best to have another go.
Jiang Hao watched the people make their way across the lava pit toward the small path.
“Thank you, fellow disciple,” said Situ Jian. “I’ll definitely send you a gift in the future as a token of gratitude.” He then turned around and followed the others out.
When everyone had left, Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief.
If they had made their way here, it meant that there was some fierce fighting going on outside.
If the Heavenly Note Sect was winning, all of them would be dealt with. However, if the Blackheaven Sect had the upper hand, it would be too dangerous for him to go outside. He might be dragged into the fray and then killed!
Situ Jian and the others walked on.
Jing Ru looked troubled. “The situation isn’t safe for us. What if Jiang Hao sends someone after us?”
“Don’t worry. We need to move tast and leave this place as soon as possible. We still have a little time,” said Situ Jian.
“But… the mine has too many supervisors. If Jiang Hao meets one of them, he might come after us,” said Jing Ru. She turned to the others. “What do you all think?”
Ren Shuang wanted to go back and end Jiang Hao before he caused any trouble. However, she didn’t say it out loud. She knew that if she did something like that, Situ Jian would leave her behind.
“I also think that he is a danger to us all. He is only in the middle stage of the
Foundation Establishment Realm. I can go back and kill him quietly,” said Shangguan Wen
“I’ll come with you. I feel that he shouldn’t be left alive,” said Jing Ru.
Situ Jian couldn’t stop them. Beixue didn’t say a word.
Shangguan Wen and Jing Ru turned around and made their way back.
Situ Jian sighed. “Come on, move your feet! We need to leave as soon as possible! If anyone slacks off, I’ll leave you behind.”
He led the way in quick strides. No one dared to speak against him.
“Is he really that dangerous?” Beixue projected a message to him.
“I don’t know…” said Situ Jian. “But my intuition tells me that we shouldn’t make him an enemy, even if he is only in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. I think Junior Brother Shangguan feels the same. To ensure our safety, I can’t wait for them. Our safest plan is to leave them behind. They can always use the teleportation array and return to us if they’re still alive…”
Beixue didn’t say anything further. The group walked quickly and reached the exit.
Situ Jian projected a message to Ren Shuang that only she could hear. “If they don’t come back, you’d better be careful what you say to your sect. Your words might cause more destruction than necessary. That’s all I want to say.”
After waiting for a while, Jiang Hao walked past the lava pit. However, just as he was going to leave, he sensed something.
A knife was aimed at his neck. It was just too quick. The Half-Moon blade blocked it.
Clang!
Jiang Hao turned around in a whirl and kicked at his attacker. There were two of them.
Without losing any time, Jiang Hao used the first form of the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade: Moon Slaying.
The blade glinted silver and he attacked. The impact forced his attacker backward.
Jiang Hao finally saw who it was. Shangguan Wen from the Blackheaven Sect. Their eyes met.
Jiang Hao had already moved past and slashed the blade across his neck. Blood spurted from the fresh wound.
Shangguan Wen stared at Jiang Hao in disbelief. The person in front of him wasn’t at the Foundation Establishment Realm. Instead, he was in the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm.
Shangguan Wen clutched at his neck as he fell to the ground.
Jiang Hao saw a woman in the corner trying to make a move. It was Jing Ru from the Wind Lightning Sect.
She looked shocked and frightened. Jiang Hao’s blade shook. It had already locked onto her. Jing Ru had no choice but to accept her fate and fight.
Both of them were in the intermediate stage of the Golden Core realm, but Jiang Hao suppressed her will with the Mountain Suppression technique. His Half-Moon Blade slashed down.
Jing Ru could not believe it. She had accompanied Shangguan Wen to assist him if needed. However, he died in the blink of an eye despite how strong he was.
Boom!
As the saber descended on her, Jing Ru
t
s mind went blank.
“Why?”
That was the last word she heard..