Chapter 63
Chapter 63: Unexpected Disaster
Jiang Hao killed them quickly. He then observed his surroundings. He wasn’t sure he could handle it if Situ Jian and Beixue also came out of the shadows to attack him.
He had used too much of his energy and didn’t know if he could use the first and second forms of the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade again today.
Although the fight had been short and quick, it had consumed too much of his spiritual energy.
He checked to make sure the two people were dead and then threw them into the lava pit.
Jiang Hao then made his way toward the small path. He had let the captives go, and they had still attacked him. To eliminate any danger, he wanted to find them and get rid of them all.
If it hadn’t been for the knowledge he had gained from the Nameless Manual, he might not have sensed Shangguan Wen at all.
As expected, Shangguan Wen had been the most dangerous of the bunch.
Jiang Hao checked his Half-Moon Blade. It was full of cracks. He needed to buy another saber soon, but he didn’t have enough spirit stones to afford a decent one right now.
Jiang Hao hesitated. He then followed the path to look for the others. However, he couldn’t find any sign of Situ Jian and the rest of the captives.
‘They already left?’ Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘They didn’t wait for Shangguan Wen and Jing Ru?’
He understood that Situ Jian hadn’t sent the two after him. Maybe Situ Jian didn’t want to be his enemy, after all.
‘Looks like there is no way to get to him now.’
There was an explosion outside. A sandstorm surged. Jiang Hao hesitated a while before making his way toward the small exit.
The mines were not safe anymore. If he was caught in the fray, he would definitely die!
Jiang Hao ran toward the exit. When he finally reached the outside of the mine, he could see that he was surrounded by broken rocks and rubble.
He turned to look in the direction where the explosions were still going on. There were continuous spells being cast to disintegrate the place.
Parts of the mountain cracked, and the earth shook. Jiang Hao was frightened. The spell and the magic he sensed were far too powerful. How strong was the person casting it?
He fled. He had just advanced to the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. If he stayed here, he would definitely die!
He ran as quickly as he could and came upon a forest. This was the edge of the sect. Jiang Hao examined his surroundings and decided that this area should be safe for now.
He hadn’t seen anyone on his way here. He had no idea where Situ Jian and the others had vanished. Jiang Hao finally stopped for a breather.
‘I’ll wait and see who wins. If the Heavenly Note Sect wins, I’ll return to the mine. If not, I’ll stay away. There is no reason for me to rush my death. Even if I get punished later tor running away, at least I’ll be alive.’
The destruction of the mine didn’t mean that the Heavenly Note Sect would allow itself to be conquered. The enemy had come for the treasure. They would leave after finding it. They didn’t have the army to conquer the whole sect.
Most of the experts of the Heavenly Note Sect were outside fighting the Azure Mountain. That was the reason why the enemy sect had seized the opportunity to storm the mines. Otherwise, they wouldn’t stand a chance.
There was another explosion nearby. The impact destroyed some trees and bushes. Jiang Hao’s armor had protected him from the flying shrapnel.
Jiang Hao summoned his saber in a panic. He couldn’t stay hidden for long.
“Hahaha… are those what they call the top ten disciples of the Heavenly Note Sect? Pathetic!”
“Was that all they could do? I don’t think I want to be part of this stupid game any longer. I’m leaving.”
Jiang Hao didn’t want to get involved in whatever this was. He only wanted to flee.
Just as he prepared to run, he heard someone call him.
“Junior Brother, wait!”
The rough voice carried the kind of authority that one couldn’t disobey. The two people stared at him. This was a disaster!
A chill ran down Jiang Hao’s spine. The two people were far stronger than him. He sensed that they were beyond the Golden Core Realm!
Fighting them would be suicidal. He then turned to the one who had stopped him.
A few paces away stood a white-robed man in the middle of a magic array. There was a lot of blood on his robe.
The other person looked buff and sturdy. He looked strong but was trapped by strange runes. The distraction had given him a chance to break free from the runes holding him. He was in the Heavenly Note Sect’s uniform.
That meant the person in the bloody white robe was from the Blackheaven Sect.
“Junior Brother, hurry and help me stop him, ” shouted Manlong.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He didn’t want to get involved in the fight, but he couldn’t ignore a senior’s plea for help when both of them belonged to the same sect. He would be considered a traitor if he didn’t help.
“Little fellow, I advise you not to interfere.” Xuanyuan Tai stared at him icily.
Jiang Hao decided to put up an act. He took out the Ten Thousand Sword Talisman and threw it at the intruder. That might not even be enough to prevent him from teleporting away..