The miners were escorted out by Liu Xingchen’s group.
Jiang Hao followed Liu Xingchen out to the edge of the mine. The people of the Law Enforcement Hall were searching the mine to find the intruders.
“Many people from the other sect infiltrated the mine, but Elder Baizhi trapped them in time. Some of the intruders are dead, some escaped, and others were captured. A portion of the mine has been destroyed… blown up. The intruders likely found what they came for.” Liu Xingchen looked solemn as he gazed down at the pit. “There is nothing we can do about that right now. Overall, we have won this fight and the situation is under control. I didn’t know about any of this before. Otherwise, I would have come to warn you.” He looked at Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao felt a little emotional. He didn’t look at Liu Xingchen. He looked down into the pit. There was some power in there.
It seemed that the Heavenly Note Sect had already made preparations. Otherwise, the entire mine might have been destroyed. He was curious. Was there really a treasure in this mine? How had the Blackheaven Sect found out about it?
Jiang Hao had a nagging feeling that the Heavenly Note Sect’s mine was not as simple as it appeared to be. There was the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower too!
Jiang Hao thanked Liu Xingchen for looking out for him. He asked him if it was true that a treasure was hidden in the mine.
“I also heard that there is some kind of treasure hidden in the mine, but I don’t know if that’s true. If it was true, wouldn’t the Elders take it away to some other secure place? Will they just leave it in the open for it to be snatched? I feel like the rumor was spread deliberately to lure the traitors to the mine. Our Heavenly Note Sect is not really that simple.” Liu Xingchen smiled.
Jiang Hao nodded. That demoness knew about this. Even someone as powerful as her hadn’t tried to snatch the treasure away.
No one knew if the treasure truly existed in the mines. People would repeatedly try to verify it anyway. Was the Blackheaven Sect that stupid, though? Would they send people for the treasure without even making sure if it actually existed?
‘Maybe the Blackheaven Sect didn’t really care for the treasure…’
“The mines need to be made safe. Junior Brother Jiang, you can probably go back now,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Right now?” Jiang Hao was surprised. “But I still need to mine.”
With Yan Hua dead, he was in much less danger. If he continued to mine persistently, he would soon be able to advance to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm.
“The situation here is chaotic right now,” said Liu Xingchen. “We need to seal the mines for a while. Everyone will be made to leave.”
Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao. “There is another matter… It’s the reason I needed to speak to you privately.”
“What is it?” asked Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao really needed to go back and check on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He also needed to buy some good quality tea before that demoness visited him again.
“Junior Brother Jiang, did you do something recently? Helped capture an enemy, by any chance?”
“I barely did anything… but yes. Sort of.” Jiang Hao told Liu Xingchen everything about his encounter with Manlong and the person from the Blackheaven Sect.
“Junior Brother Jiang, this isn’t a small matter. Manlong is from among the top ten disciples of the sect, and he has been praising you to the skies. He obtained a new cultivation technique and a magic treasure as a reward. He left you the rest of the resources that he obtained because of your contribution. So… that will impact the Law Enforcement Hall and its decisions.”
“Why would that impact the Law Enforcement Hall?” Jiang Hao asked in confusion.
“Junior Brother Jiang, do you remember that your name was on the suspect list?” asked Liu Xingchen. “Being on the suspect list means that you are under the Law Enforcement Hall’s radar. They restrict and monitor your activities. However, because of the contribution you have made, Manlong is speaking up for you. You’re still on that list because you’re a suspect, but the Law Enforcement Hall hasn’t found any evidence against you. With such a huge contribution, you’ll no longer be under suspicion. It’s highly likely that your name will be removed from the list. Do you know what that means?”
Jiang Hao’s heart sank. “The Law Enforcement Hall will no longer restrict my movements, and I can leave the sect at any time. If the people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion put my name in for the next mission, I’ll have no choice but to obey. At that time, no matter what happens outside, it will not be under the jurisdiction of the Law Enforcement Hall…”
Liu Xingchen nodded. “But… there is a way to keep your name on the suspect list.” He looked at Jiang Hao. “Do you know Yan Hua?”
“Senior Sister Yan?” Jiang Hao was surprised at the abrupt question. “Of course, I was working under her in the mines.”
A talisman flew down and Liu Xingchen caught it. He glanced at it. “Do you know that she disappeared? According to our investigation, she is most likely dead. However, it could also be equally true that she faked her death to escape the sect. We have reason to believe that she was a traitor from another sect. At least that was what we got from a traitor we recently captured. We have no evidence for now.”
“How does that relate to me, Senior Brother Liu?” “Do you know what she was after?”
“She was looking for me,” said Jiang Hao. “Is there a witness who can verify that?”
“Yes.”
“So, you must have met her before she disappeared.”
‘Yes…”
“Alright,” said Liu Xingchen, “Yan Hua is considered a traitor for colluding with other sects and revealing secret