Chapter 67: Han Ming Feels Like He Can Do It Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Baizhi was worried about the incident that transpired in the mines. Although she had secured victory, it was still not enough.
If the Sect Master hadn’t informed her at the last minute, she wouldn’t have been able to capture so many traitors and intruders. The sect would have suffered great losses.
Baizhi had suspected that the mines would’ve been the target, but she hadn’t paid enough attention. She was so focused on dealing with Azure Mountain that she had neglected the situation in the mines.
She had thought that the mines were inside the sect, so she would have enough time to make preparations. The mines were important for the sect. Spirit ores weren’t the only things found in the mines of this sect.
However, the mines were dangerous. The miners were instructed to dig bit by bit before they were allowed to venture deeper to find other treasures.
The Sect Master had let slip the rumor about the special treasure hidden in the mines because of which they had captured many traitors and intruders. Baizhi was nervous. She couldn’t see through the Sect Master’s intentions.
“In the months that we spent fighting the Azure Mountain, it has become apparent that we have the advantage. The Azure Mountain isn’t as strong as we thought. They are weaker because of internal disagreements. We plundered a lot of treasures and even obtained Azure Mountain’s cultivation technique:
Azure Divine Transformation Technique.”
Baizhi laid the treasures on the floor. There were sabers, books, pills, pendants, etc.
Hong Yuye glanced at them briefly and turned away. She did not care for trinkets.
Hong Yuye looked at Baizhi unwaveringly.
Baizhi took a deep breath. “I found clues about the person who might be behind the Azure Mountain’s provocation. This is what I found…” Baizhi took out a stone slab. It floated toward Hong Yuye.
The stone tablet was full of strange symbols.
“This looks like something that came from overseas,” said Baizhi. “I think that the one who covets the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is someone foreign.” Hong Yuye looked at the stone tablet a while longer and then put it away.
A book floated toward her. This was a manual for Azure Mountain’s cultivation technique: Azure Divine Transformation Technique.
She flipped through it briefly and then closed it.
“Looks like we’ve gained quite a lot this time,” said Hong Yuye. “Let the disciples compete. Those disciples in the Foundation Establishment Realm, Golden Core Realm, and Primordial Spirit Realm can compete for the treasures as a reward. Five from each of these major realms. As for the rest… exchange them for contribution points.”
“What kind of treasure should I set as a reward for the Foundation Establishment Realm?” asked Baizhi.
Hong Yuye glanced at the saber and thought for a moment. Then, she shook her head. “You decide that by yourself.”
She picked up the book. “Is the Azure Mountain destroyed for good?”
“Not entirely,” said Baizhi. “We attacked but were forced to retreat before we could completely occupy them. If we want to exterminate them, we need to mobilize larger forces. Other sects are helping them flee. It’ll take a long time to get rid of them.”
“That’s alright,” said Hong Yuye and threw the book to Baizhi. “If Azure Mountain no longer existed, you could use the manual to open a new branch in the sect. Since they are alive, the twelve main branches can compete to win this cultivation technique. This will be coveted by the twelve branches. It means one more option of cultivation technique to choose from.”
Balzm nodded. sne couldn’t compete because sne was tne Acting sect master. Only the rest of the eleven branches could compete to own the Azure Divine Transformation Technique.
Jiang Hao went to meet the Cliff Master. He had suffered some injuries because of the incident at the mines. It seemed no one had remained unscathed.
After that, he went to find Mu Qi and informed him about the incident and how he was sent back. Mu Qi thanked him profusely and offered him many resources and rewards. He was happy to give them away.
Jiang Hao bowed and thanked him.
Back at the Spiritual Herbal Garden, Jiang Hao met Han Ming.
After a few months of fighting, Han Ming’s cultivation had strengthened. He was no longer the young and naive youth from before.
“Senior Brother Jiang,” said Han Ming. “How nice to meet you again!”
“Junior Brother Han, it’s nice to meet you too! Still up for a challenge?” asked Jiang Hao.
Han Ming chuckled. “Not yet… I still feel that I’m not strong enough. I just needed some spirit herbs, so I came over. I contributed a lot this time and gained a lot of resources to further my cultivation. Senior Brother Jiang, you should also try it. That way, your cultivation will increase faster, and you’ll also gain experience.”
“Junior Brother Han, I’m glad to see how strong you’ve become. Ordinary people can’t even compare to you,” said Jiang Hao.
Han Ming smiled confidently. He bid farewell to Jiang Hao and turned to leave. “Senior Brother Jiang, you should also contribute to the fight and advance quickly. Otherwise, I’ll catch up soon.”
Jiang Hao smiled in return. Only he knew how much he was trying to avoid “contributing” to the fight.
If he did anything to “help” and clear his name, Liu Xingchen definitely wouldn’t be able to help him out next time..