Chapter 69: Need to Get Rich
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Han Ming’s head buzzed when he heard Jiang Hao’s name. He couldn’t understand how Jiang Hao, who was still in the Foundation Establishment Realm, could make it into the top ten disciple list.
That didn’t make any sense!
Only a few hours back, he had bragged about his achievements to Jiang Hao in the Spirit Herb Garden!
Han Ming felt embarrassed. His achievements were nothing compared to this. He felt defeated.
He had clearly felt that he could surpass Jiang Hao soon, but…
When would he be able to best Jiang Hao in a fight?
The more he recalled Jiang Hao’s calm face, the more embarrassed and frustrated he felt.
“Jiang Hao? Who’s that?” Jiu Wu asked curiously.
“I think I heard his name before,” said Fei Zhu. “He works in the Spirit Herb
Garden! I think he is in the middle stage of the foundation establishment Realm…’
“Yes. That’s him,” said Mu Qi.
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?!” Jiu Wu was in disbelief. “How did someone like that make it to the top ten disciple list from the whole sect?”
Han Ming perked up at the question. He wanted to know the exact same thing.
“A few days ago, the mine was under attack. Experts of the Blackheaven Sect and the Thunderstorm Sect led the attack. Manlong from the Flowing Waterfall was engaged in a fight with Xuanyuan Tai, an expert from the Blackheaven Sect. The attacker cast some runes which bound and rooted Manlong at that moment. Xuanyuan Tai was casting a teleportation array to escape when Jiang Hao single-handedly stopped him while giving Manlong the chance to break free. It was because of Jiang Hao that Manlong was able to capture Xuanyuan Tai,” said Mu Qi. “Xuanyuan Tai is in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit
Realm.”
Everyone was shocked at that. No one present had the courage to face someone in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, let alone fight them.
They lowered their heads. Han Ming was especially ashamed of himself. He didn’t think he could even muster the courage to stay put if he had been in Jiang Hao’s place.
“I recall that his name was in the suspect list of the Law Enforcement Hall. Has his name been cleared this time?” asked Fei Zhu.
“He… was cleared of previous suspicions, but he is somehow connected to the traitor Yan Hua this time. So, the Law Enforcement Hall cannot let him go entirely,” said Mu Qi.
Mu Qi was also puzzled by this. He didn’t know if the Law Enforcement Hall was doing it intentionally. Did they somehow want to protect Jiang Hao or were they just trying to prevent him from becoming a True Disciple?
In his opinion, Jiang Hao had already proved himself worthy of being given the title of a True Disciple. The only problem was that his talent wasn’t anything extraordinary. He was only above average. However, his performance and contribution were enough for the Cliff Master to take Jiang Hao under his wing.
He was still a suspect, so that wouldn’t happen anytime soon.
Ku Wu Chang interrupted their discussion. “Well… you have all worked very hard. Keep it up! I’m told that the competition between the disciples is going to take place in a few months. Five winners will be selected from each cultivation realm. There aren’t many when you consider the twelve branches in the sect. I hope you all can do your very best.”
They nodded.
Han Ming wanted to participate. This was his chance to prove that he was an outstanding disciple.
After one night of study, Jiang Hao finally understood how to make Healing Talismans.
For those in the Golden Core Realm, the success rate of making such a talisman was 50%. After a few practices, the success rate would at least be 80%. Jiang Hao was confident that he could get this right.
Being in a higher level of cultivation indeed had its perk. However, he couldn’t sell too many of the talismans. Otherwise, some people might get suspicious.
There were some talismans that only those in the Golden Core Realm could create. He couldn’t sell those yet. He could only sell the talismans that were possible for those in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The first three talismans of the six Fine-Grade Talismans were of the latter type.
He needed to make a lot of those three types of talismans. He decided to make more of the Ten Thousand Swords Talismans. They sold very quickly. These were also considered the most ordinary and were easy to make.
Jiang Hao sighed and went out to the courtyard.
He looked at the Half-Moon Blade that he had buried in the dirt up to its hilt. It reminded him that he didn’t have a saber that he could use.
He opened his interface. [Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Middle Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 6/100 (cannot be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 10/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 2/3 (cannot be obtained)]
Jiang Hao sighed. The numbers were pitiful, to say the least. In two days, his Cultivation and Lifeblood had made little to no progress.
“Well, first things first,” muttered Jiang Hao. “I need to earn spirit stones. Then, I need to buy a saber and good quality tea. Oh, yeah… I need to save some spirit stones to feed the beast too.”
The spirit beast needed a lot of spirit stones. “I hope Senior Brother Mu Qi rewards me with spirit stones. He did say he was going to give me resources…”
Jiang Hao headed straight to the Spirit Herb Garden. The spirit beast jumped up and followed Jiang Hao. It shook its neck to make the collar comfortable. The spirit beast had gained enough intelligence to know what the collar was
The spirit beast had gained enough intelligence to know what the collar was for. However, it had no intention of breaking it and escaping into the wild. It was proud of the collar. The collar set it apart from the wild, uncivilized beasts that roamed around without a purpose. It was proud of the fact that it was a special beast with a master who took care of it.
“Master, can’t I eat people?” asked the spirit beast. “Do you find humans delicious?” asked Jiang Hao curiously.
The spirit east nodded.
“How many people have you eaten before?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Not even one… yet,” said the spirit beast. “But all great demons eat humans.
Everyone knows that I’m a great demon.”
Jiang Hao stared at the spirit beast. He wondered if he should let it go free because he didn’t want it eating human beings in the sect.
He continued walking toward the Spirit Herb Garden. “Well then, I guess I’ll have to get rid of you. I don’t raise demons.”
“Master, I was just joking,” said the spirit beast hurriedly. “I’m not a demon. I can be a rabbit. I love carrots anyway!”
Jiang Hao shook his head. ‘This beast has no shame…’
He saw Mu Qi in front of the Spirit Herb Garden. Jiang Hao felt nervous and excited.. He hoped today was the day when he would be rewarded with spirit stones!