Chapter 71: Why Don’t You Go and Check It Out?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘A seed with spiritual energy? What kind of seed is that?’ Jiang Hao was interested in the seed.
If it was a powerful seed, he wanted to obtain it. These treasures were snatched from Azure Mountain, so they wouldn’t be something simple.
The seed might not be as rare and powerful as the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, but it would still be useful. It could even drop gold bubbles once in a while. Even if it only gave purple bubbles, that would still be great! But even if it wasn’t as good, it would be fine if it could drop a gold one.
However, he had to appraise it first. If it was worth something, then he needed to come up with a way to win in the competition among others from the
Foundation Establishment Realm.
‘How do I make myself less conspicuous in the competition?’
Jiang Hao thought about it. He could make more talismans and fight with it instead.
The power of a Ten Thousand Swords Talisman was average. If he could create some Hundred Thousand Swords talisman, it could inflict significant damage to anyone in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
A Hundred Thousand Swords talisman was strong, but it wouldn’t attract any unnecessary suspicion because it wasn’t something unattainable for someone from the Foundation Establishment Realm. It required materials similar to a Healing Talisman.
He could make them tonight!
Jiang Hao headed to the market after that and set up his stall. There weren’t many people. The market was almost empty except for a few disciples.
“Junior Brother Jiang, it has been a long time since I’ve seen you here.” Leng Tian walked over to him.
“Senior Sister Leng, I hope you’ve been well,” said Jiang Hao politely.
He noticed that Leng Tian was in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Her cultivation wasn’t refined yet, which meant that she must have advanced just recently.
“Healing Talismans? You can make those too?” Leng Tian looked at the talismans laid out in front of her. “How much is this one?
“30 spirit stones,” said Jiang Hao.
“I want five of these,” said Leng Tian. “Oh… do you have any Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman?
She handed him 150 spirit stones. The production cost had been 10 spirit stones to make one Healing Talisman. So, Jiang Hao earned a profit of 100 spirit stones.
“I don’t have any Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman right now,” said Jiang Hao. The truth was that he wouldn’t sell them even if he had them. He wanted to keep them for himself for the competition.
“Senior Sister Leng, why are there so few people today?” asked Jiang Hao.
“You don’t know?” said Leng Tian. “The sect has opened a temporary market. Many people go there these days. Our sect has brought home many treasures from the fight. They’re selling most of them. You should go and check it out.”
Jiang Hao nodded and thanked her. He wanted to check out this new market. He also had to buy some good quality tea as soon as possible.
Leng Tian looked around and then leaned forward. “I heard that you managed to make it to the top ten. If you do well in the competition, you can choose among the rewards. I heard that there is a rare treasure called the Heavenly Recovery Pill which can help you break through the bottleneck of the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm to advance to the Golden Core Realm.”
“Heavenly Recovery Pill?” asked Jiang Hao. “How much is that worth?”
Leng Tian thought for a while. “I’m not sure… It’s useless for those in the Golden Core Realm, but priceless for those in the peak stage of the Foundation
Establishment Realm. I think I saw it being sold for 3000 spirit stones once. Someone else was selling it for 10,000 spirit stones.”
“10,000?!”
After bidding farewell to Leng Tian, Jiang Hao went to the Snow Lotus Pavilion to buy some decent tea leaves.
The first person he asked for was Tian Qinghong.
“10,000 spirit stones for 5 grams.”
‘10,000?!’ Jiang Hao was shocked. This was a daylight robbery! How could tea be so expensive?
“What about Spring in September tea?” Jiang Hao asked again.
She just extended a finger to point at another pack of tea.
In the end, he bought Azure Red tea, which cost around 100 spirit stones for 5 grams. He spent 500 on it.
Now he only had 1850 spirit stones left. He spent 200 of those to buy some talisman-making materials.
Jiang Hao then returned to his house. He began to make the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman.
Six days passed by in a flash. He spent most Of his time in the Spirit Herb Garden. He only found a handful of blue bubbles. However, he was still glad for the small progress he had made.
In these six days, he was able to make a total of 30 talismans. 20 of those were the Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans, and 10 were Healing Talismans.
He wanted to sell five of the Healing Talismans and kept the rest for himself.
Jiang Hao wanted to go to the new market that had opened. He told the spirit beast to look after the house while he prepared to visit the market.
“Master, could you get me a new collar? A stronger one maybe… this one is becoming tighter.”
Jiang Hao dropped it at home and he left. The spirit beast was about to advance in its cultivation level and would soon need a new collar.
He walked around the market and asked for the price of Healing Talismans in some of the stalls.. They were being sold for 50 spirit stones each!