Chapter 72: Daylight Robbery
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao found a spot in the corner and sold five Healing Talismans. He also sold some of the Ten Thousand Swords talismans that he had left.
This was a good time to sell talismans. After a few days, the demand would be less, and people might not really pay a good price for the talismans.
Jiang Hao now had a total of 1,900 spirit stones. That should be enough to buy a decent saber.
He sighed. It would be so great if he could find something that could be used both for the Foundation Establishment Realm and the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao saw many Dharma treasures in some of the stalls. There were decent sabers for sale too. They were all ordinary, though. Occasionally, he found a good saber, but it was ridiculously expensive.
1,900 spirit stones were not enough.
Moreover, some merchants were very dishonest. They set exorbitant prices for some of the treasures and sabers when they weren’t even that great.
He saw the Azure Red tea in one of the stalls. It was being sold for 100 spirit stones for 5 grams. However, the quality looked worse than the one he had bought.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to buy it even if it was the same price. He was scared of that demoness. He didn’t dare offer her a “fake” tea.
‘I don’t even know her name… I didn’t try to appraise her last time.’
When he met her for the first time, he was still in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He was now in the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. Maybe he was strong enough to find out more about her.
Jiang Hao was looking forward to her visit for the first time in his life.
If he could find something about her, it would mean that he was stronger than before.
There were many merchants in the market who sold numerous things. Most of the things were looted from Azure Mountain.
There were even people from other sects. Jiang Hao was wary. He saw that they were from different levels of cultivation. Some were still in the Foundation EstaD11snment Realm, some or tnem were In tne 601aen core Realm ana otners were in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. He didn’t see anyone beyond the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao walked around for a while. He saw a stall at the side that he wanted to check. There were two men at the stall who seemed to be in their late twenties.
As Jiang Hao approached, they smiled amiably. “Fellow disciple, want to take a look?”
There weren’t many things in the stall. There were only three magic treasures, a passable spirit sword, and a very ordinary shield for sale.
None of these were worth any attention. However, a black blade caught Jiang Hao’s eye.
Judging from the material and craftsmanship, the blade seemed better than the Half-Moon Blade he had used before.
It was still usable for someone in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
“How much is this saber?” asked Jiang Hao. He picked it up.
“Ah… this is called the Black Fox. It is the work of a very famous master. It does not come cheap. However, for you, we can make it 3,000 spirit stones,” one of the men, Li Fei, said in a whisper.
Jiang Hao frowned. He didn’t have that many spirit stones. The price was actually cheaper than what it would have cost in the Stellar Tower.
In the Foundation Establishment Realm, this might be the best saber one could find.
Jiang Hao wanted to buy it. Maybe he could add on some talismans with the spirit stones and make a deal..
Jiang Hao thought about it. He had some Healing Talismans and Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. He also had some pills. That should be enough to make up for the shortage of spirit stones.
“Fellow disciple, you’re having difficulties in making up your mind? We are in a bit of a hurry, so we can reduce the price by another 500,” said Hong Lai.
The sudden drop in price made Li Fei unhappy, but he let it go.
Jiang Hao felt that something was not right. Why were they in such a hurry to sell this thing?
“You’re lucky. This has been here a long time, and we want to get rid of it for new stocks.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He suggested using some of the talismans to make up for the shortage of spirit stones.
Although the two men seemed hesitant, they agreed.
In the end, Jiang Hao gave them five Healing Talismans and 12 Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman on top of 1,900 spirit stones.
Li Fei smiled warmly. “Thank you, fellow disciple. Let me wrap it up for you.” He picked up the sword, leaned down for a box, and handed it to Jiang Hao.
“It’s great doing business with you.”
Jiang Hao frowned. The weight wasn’t right. He wanted to open the box to see if the sword was really there, but Li Fei put a hand on the box to stop him. “Fellow disciple, this transaction is over. You should leave now.”
Jiang Hao suddenly realized that he had been cheated. The saber wasn’t inside the box, and the men were threatening him.
They were both at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Jiang Hao nodded.
“Alright,” he said and put the box away. Then, he left.
“Brother Li, the person seemed unnaturally calm. Is he dangerous?” asked Hong Lai.
“He was walking around alone tor a long wnlle. I don’t tn111K ne nas anyD0dY else to ask for help,” said Li Fei. “But we need to be careful anyway. We’ll buy some resources to prevent him from coming after us. We can then modify our aura and disguise ourselves.”
The two men walked to a corner. When they appeared in the market again, they had turned into two women. No one could recognize them..