Chapter 73: Where Is My Saber?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Before it got dark, the two women left the Heavenly Note sect in a hurry.
They had cheated a lot of people off their money.
Two had been in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, and the other one had been in the middle stage of the same realm. The former two were from other sects, and the latter was from the Heavenly Note Sect.
They were not afraid of the other sects, but the Heavenly Note Sect was a different matter. They collected their stuff and prepared to leave.
“Will everything be okay?” asked the short-haired woman called Hong Lai.
“It’s been so long since that transaction,” said Li Fei, a long-haired, voluptuous woman. “If anything was supposed to happen, it would’ve happened a long time ago. Even if they send someone after us, they won’t recognize us. I mean… even someone in the Golden Core Realm wouldn’t be able to find us. That person seemed just too quiet to get involved in an altercation. There’s no danger.”
“True… that person seemed unnaturally calm,” said Hong Lai. “It felt like he had no choice but to endure it. But he was the richest among those that we met today.” Hong Lai laughed.
“He does seem talented at making talismans. It makes sense he would have tons of spirit stones. Don’t worry too much about it,” said Li Fei. “He’s only in the middle stage of Foundation Establishment Realm. By the time he advances to the late stage, we’ll already be in the Golden Core Realm. Our strengths will be miles apart. Don’t let someone in the Foundation Establishment Realm…”
Just as Li Fei turned around, she stopped in her tracks. Hong Lai’s face was covered in blood. She stared at Li Fei in terror.
A blade flashed. Li Fei’s arm was severed from her shoulder.
“Who is it?!” shouted Hong Lai in fear.
A saber pierced through Hong Lai’s torso. She spat out a mouthful of blood.
“Please… spare us. What do you want? We’ll give you everything.”
“Where is my saber?” said a voice from behind.
Hong Lai realized that it was Jiang Hao. They had succeeded in deceiving people numerous times. But this time…
Another knife slashed across her neck.
“Don’t trouble yourselves. I’ll get it myself.”
Hong Lai felt the life drain out of her. She was so close to reaching the Golden Core Realm. So close…
After confirming that the two were dead, Jiang Hao took away anything that was valuable.
The Law Enforcement Hall did not investigate the death of disciples from other sects. So, ne didn’t nave to clean up atter himselt this time.
At night, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged on the bed in his room. He looked through the stuff he had snatched from the two people.
There were some pills, talismans, and some magical array spells.
He sighed. “Only 300 spirit stones, 10 Healing Talismans, a few Hundred
Thousand Talismans… Those scums spent it all on stupid pills!”
He needed to buy some pills too, but he had no use for these. They were all for the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The only precious thing he had obtained was the black saber. He swung it around once and decided to use the name Half-Moon Blade for this saber as well. He would need to buy another in the future anyway. It didn’t matter what name was used.
He put away the saber. He had also found a small iron dice with a face on each side.
“Is this what helped them change their appearance?
He used the Daily Appraisal on the small iron dice.
[Six-Sided Dice: A lucky treasure. Every time you throw it, the treasure will absorb a portion of your luck. It’ll give you a new face and identity every time.
Very difficult to detect.]
Jiang Hao put the treasure away. It was a dangerous thing. If his luck was chipped away bit by bit, it would make his life unlivable at one point. The next day, Jiang Hao went to the courtyard to collect the bubbles.
[Lifeblood +1]
[Cultivation +1]
[Spirit +1]
The Blue Lotus and Snow Lotus gave off some bubbles. They also exuded a pleasant fragrance. With the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower doing the same, his courtyard smelled very nice.
The spirit beast was staring at the flower intently.
“Do you always stare at the flower every day?” “Of course! It’s your flower, Master. I need to guard it well.”
Jiang Hao knew that this spirit beast was full of lies.
They headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. “Master, the woman that came to your house before… Do you eat people with her?”
“What? I don’t eat humans.”
“But last time, she said she ate people,” said the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao frowned. The beast might actually be right. Fairy Ming Yi could prove to be even more dangerous than Yan Hua.
“Junior Brother Jiang, I haven’t seen you for quite a while. I heard that you went to the mine and was worried that something might have happened.” Fairy Ming Yi walked up to Jiang Hao with a smile..