Chapter 74: Appraising the Red Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I’m sorry for worrying you,” said Jiang Hao. “Everything turned out well in the end.”
Jiang Hao was peeved. Yan Hua had given him a lot of trouble. Ming Yi was also from the same sect as Yan Hua. He knew that she was going to cause more trouble. She was from the Heavenly Saint Sect too.
“I know. I am glad to see that you’re fine. I also heard of your contribution to the sect. You’ve done well.” Ming Yi smiled sweetly and handed him a potted plant.
“Junior Brother Jiang, could you check this spirit herb? I feel that something is wrong with it. I bought this from you last time.”
Jiang Hao took the potted plant and looked at it carefully. “This is thyme… it should be full of vitality but… Did you try to do something to it, Senior Sister Ming?”
Jiang Hao walked into the Spirit Herb Garden. Some of the spawned bubbles flew to him.
[Strength +1]
[Endurance +1]
[Ordinary Spiritual Sword +1]
Jiang Hao set the potted plant down on a raised platform in the garden. A purple, seven-petaled flower was just in bloom.
It didn’t help much with cultivation, but it was a cheap spirit herb that was very fragrant. It helped a bit with focus and concentration.
Ming Yi hadn’t bought it directly from Jiang Hao. She had given the order for it, and the Spirit Herb Garden had provided it.
“I didn’t really do anything special to it. It became like this.”
Fairy Ming Yi couldn’t really remember doing anything to the plant, except maybe watering it occasionally.
‘It’s fine. I’ll take a look.” He tried to scan the thyme with his spiritual energy to see what was wrong. Soon, he discovered that the roots of the thyme were damaged. It seemed to be caused by excessive spiritual energy channeled into it.
“Senior Sister Ming, do you have a Blue Lotus in your courtyard?” asked Jiang
Hao.
“Yes,” said Ming Yi. “How is that related to… this?”
“Ahh… It’s because of that Blue Lotus. Place them far away from each other. Both emit spiritual energy. So, when they clash, one of them is bound to have a problem.”
Jiang Hao proceeded to try to fix the plant.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’ve offended quite a lot of people recently, haven’t you?” Fairy Ming Yi asked suddenly.
Jiang Hao raised his head to look at her. He then turned back to the plant. “Why do you say that, Senior Sister Ming?”
“When I just came out of seclusion, I heard that you somehow provoked the
Heavenly Joy Pavilion because of a traitor. It’s not a small matter,” said Fairy Ming Yi. “You have avoided it quite spectacularly. But… I recently heard you are involved in some matters concerning the Heavenly Saint Sect?”
Jiang Hao looked at her blankly.
“Ahh… you’re not aware. When Yan Hua disappeared, her “puppets” showed some abnormalities. The Law Enforcement Hall investigated the matter and found out a lot about what Yan Hua was planning. I heard that she was from the Heavenly Saint Sect. There are rumors that people from the Heavenly Saint Sect have their eyes on you. It so happens that you were the last person Yan Hua was looking for before she disappeared from the world. Some think that Yan Hua betrayed the Heavenly Saint Sect and gave something important to you. I’m not sure if any of that is true, but you should be careful, Junior Brother Jiang.
Jiang Hao was stunned by the news. This time he wasn’t even pretending to be shocked. He wondered why the Heavenly Saint Sect assumed that Yan Hua might have betrayed them and sided with him.
‘Is Ming Yi just testing me right now?’
“I know you have made such a big contribution in capturing Xuanyuan Tai of the Blackheaven Sect. However, I wonder… Why did Manlong let you have the credit for something that big? The Blackheaven Sect would obviously keep an eye on whoever helped capture one of their people…”
Jiang Hao was baffled. That made sense. No one had mentioned Manlong. Everyone thought he had fought Xuanyuan Tai single-handedly. Was he just being used as a shield to divert attention from Manlong? It seemed even the top ten disciples had to worry about being targeted by other sects!
After that, Fairy Ming Yi turned to leave.
Jiang Hao wanted to appraise her but was interrupted by the appearance of the Cliff Master.
Jiang Hao was distracted. Even if Ming Yi was just testing him, he couldn’t ignore all of her words. ‘I’ll use the Daily Appraisal on her tomorrow. She’ll be back to get her plant anyway.’
He had not only offended the Heavenly Joy Pavilion but also made an enemy
out of the Sunset Immortal Sect and the Blackheaven Sect. He needed to avoid leaving the sect at any cost.
As long as the Law Enforcement Hall kept him on their suspect list, nobody could harm him inside the sect.
He now had to worry about traitors from the Blackheaven Sect who might have infiltrated the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao sighed. He still needed to figure out a way to not appear too conspicuous in the competition. His master told him that he would be given the opportunity to choose one of the rewards if he managed to win.
Jiang Hao was only interested in the strange seed. He wanted to appraise it to see what other uses it had.
In the evening, Jiang Hao returned to his house. He sat in the courtyard, deep in thought.
The only way to be safe in this world was to become stronger, and he needed to do that as soon as possible.
Jiang Hao picked up the hoe that he had placed on the side. He sighed. “I really want to mine.”
Bang!
A white thing crashed into the wall. Jiang Hao was startled. He realized that it was the spirit beast.
It was unconscious. Its face was bruised and swollen.
Jiang Hao looked in the direction of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. A figure dressed in red had suddenly materialized there.
“I see that you really miss mining.” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao.
“I’m sorry,” said Jiang Hao and bowed. He threw the hoe aside. “I don’t really miss it. I was just recalling the bitter moments I spent in the mine.”
“Hm… I see you have not changed your lying nature.” Hong Yuye leaned down and touched the leaves of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. “The flower is growing very quickly.”
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment and then decided to appraise her..