Chapter 76: The Seed of the Immortal Peach Tree
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Ming Yi: Heavenly Saint Sect’s substitute Saintess, in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm, undercover in the Heavenly Note Sect. Wants to find out the reason for the rise of the Heavenly Note Sect. Yan Hua’s disappearance has complicated the matter for the Heavenly Saint Sect. They believe Yan Hua found some secret in the mines and she fled. She thinks you are Yan Hua’s accomplice. Has decided not to touch you for the time being. She wants to find out who ruined the plan and kill them first.]
Jiang Hao recalled what the Daily Appraisal had shown him before when he appraised Ming Yi.
[Ruthless. Hides a knife behind her smile.]
He realized that the Heavenly Saint Sect was even more dangerous than he thought.
The Heavenly Note Sect and the Heavenly Saint Sect were at odds. It was normal for the Heavenly Saint Sect to suspect foul play concerning Yan Hua’s disappearance. It just surprised Jiang Hao that they saw him as a threat.
Jiang Hao had admitted that he met Yan Hua before her disappearance because he wanted to stay on the Law Enforcement Hall’s suspect list. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have mentioned it at all.
Jiang Hao sighed. He seemed to make enemies everywhere!
Fortunately, it seemed that the Heavenly Saint Sect was still unsure of Yan
Hua’s reason for the disappearance. For now, Jiang Hao wasn’t their priority.
Jiang Hao walked toward her. “Senior Sister Ming, here is your plant. I think it should be fine now.”
“Thank you, Junior Brother Jiang. If I encounter trouble again, I’ll come and find you. I hope you don’t mind.”
He realized that she was trying to get on his good side. Before, he would have fallen for it. He used to be nälVe and inexperienced.
Ever since he had eaten the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison, Yang Gu, he felt unaffected by such things.
Jiang Hao began to organize and check on the spirit herbs. He couldn’t visit the mines, so he might as well do his job well in the Spirit Herb Garden.
If there was even a small chance of getting a bubble, he would willingly do any work.
While Jiang Hao was busy, the spirit beast went around the garden and talked to the people. Everyone called the beast “Lord Rabbit” jokingly. Jiang Hao ignored it.
It had been a month since Jiang Hao had returned from the mine. Other than the trouble he had encountered with those two merchants while buying a saber, everything had been okay.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Intermediate Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart]
[Lifeblood: 18/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 22/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 2/3 (cannot be obtained)]
There was steady progress in his attributes. He had been studying the nameless manual diligently and appraising things at least once a day.
He often appraised the spirit beast. There were no significant changes. He fed it spirit stones regularly. However, the beast was still in a state of shock after that day.
The spirit beast didn’t seem to be scared of him at all. There was someone else he was terrified of.
The reason he kept appraising the spirit beast was to understand and learn the special consumption and the art of hiding it.
After a few days of trying, he felt it! He understood what the nameless manual had been trying to tell him. He felt a slight consumption of his physical and mental strength when he used his ability.
Jiang Hao was stunned. ‘Hong Yuye can even detect such a slight change?!’
The consumption was so small that it was almost impossible to notice. If he could disguise his consumption, he could entirely hide the fact that he was using any ability at all.
He wanted to test it on Hong Yuye once again, but he was scared she’d blast him to hell.
Jiang Hao made his way to the Law Enforcement Hall. Yesterday, he had seen the rewards displayed in glass cases. Those had been for the Foundation Establishment Realm. Today, they were about to display the rewards for those in the Golden Core Realm.
Although he knew that he couldn’t compete in the Golden Core Realm category, Jiang Hao still wanted to see them.
Jiang Hao stood in front of a display case that held the rewards for the Foundation Establishment Realm category.
The first was the Nine Suns Saber. He felt that the reward wasn’t anything great. He already had the Primordial Heavenly Blade.
The second and third rewards were books on different techniques. He didn’t care for them.
The fourth reward, which was the Daoist Robe, wasn’t something he wanted. He had no use for it.
Finally, Jiang Hao saw a small box. The lid was open, and it revealed a black seed. It was the size of an egg and was covered in complicated patterns. He
could sense faint spiritual energy from it.
‘This is it! I wonder if it is important.’
If not, he would choose the Nine Suns Saber. He could still sell it if he didn’t want to use it.
Jiang Hao tried to conceal his consumption and then activated the Daily Appraisal. Although no one could detect it, he wanted to practice what he had learned.
[Immortality Peach Tree Seed: A seed of a peach tree that is about to lose its vitality. It is a seed nurtured from the core of the fruit of the ancient divine tree: the Immortality Peach Tree. It has a trace of the divine tree. After taking root, germinating, bearing fruit, and reincarnating nine times, it will become a full-fledged divine tree. To save the seed, place it next to a divine item and nourish it for seven days. Then, it needs to be surrounded by ninety-nine spirit stones and watered every day. After nine days, it will take root and sprout.]
Jiang Hao made up his mind. The seed looked important. He would try to obtain it somehow.
The seed needed to be placed next to a divine item. It might have been almost impossible for others but not Jiang Hao.
He had the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in his courtyard and the Primordial Heavenly Sword. He could use either of those.
Jiang Hao asked around and found out that the competition would start in a month.
‘I need to know how well I have to do to be able to choose the rewards.’
He went to look for the Cliff Master.
“You need something?” asked Ku Wu Chang.
“Yes. I wanted to ask which rank I need to be to choose one of the rewards.”
“Go on.”
“What about the first reward?” Jiang Hao asked.
“That’s for the winner,” said Ku Wu Chang. “But if you win, you can choose any other reward too.”
“What about the fifth reward?”
“If you make it to the top three, you can have your pick among the third, fourth, and fifth reward,” said the Cliff Master. “There are a total of thirteen participants. If you win three rounds, it might be enough for you to make it to that rank..”