Chapter 77: Wouldn ‘t You Win If You Beat Jiang Hao?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
There were two people from the Cliff of Broken Hearts who had made it to the top ten. Both people were from two different cultivation realms. That meant that the probability of someone winning from the Cliff of Broken Hearts was high.
Four finalists would be selected for the competition. If Jiang Hao could make it to the top three, he could choose the seed.
Most disciples found seeds useless because the benefits weren’t worth it. “Master, how do you think the rewards will be categorized?”
“Nine Suns Saber, then the Daoist Robe, the spell technique might be at the third place, then comes the cultivation technique, and finally the seed.”
‘The Heavenly Dawn Spiritual Technique is only at the fourth rank in the list of rewards?’ That surprised Jiang Hao.
“The Nine Suns Saber is obviously the most powerful one. The Daoist Robe can not only be used in the Foundation Establishment Realm but also in the Golden Core and Primordial Spirit Realm. Although the Heavenly Dawn Spiritual Technique is impressive, it’s extremely difficult to learn, and far inferior in effect to the Nine Suns Flame spell technique. The seed… no one knows what attribute it has. So, it’s placed as the last reward,” said Ku Wu Chang. “I had the seed examined. Its vitality is so low that it’s useless. Maybe it’ll be somewhat useful to those in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. It might be slightly useful to those in the Foundation Establishment Realm but completely useless for some in the Golden Core Realm.”
Jiang Hao thanked the Cliff Master for his explanation. He asked his master for a new technique that he could learn before the competition.
Other disciples would have to compete in a preliminary round to make it to the competition, but Jiang Hao was already in the sect’s top ten disciple list, so he could directly participate in the main competition.
The Cliff Master, Ku Wu Chang, handed Jiang Hao some books. “Learn this. It’s called the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles. It uses the same basic form as the Demonic Sound Slash and is much easier to learn.”
Jiang Hao thanked him and left. He had to learn the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles as soon as possible. With the movement technique, he could buy time and wait for his opponent to be defeated by other competitors.
The next day, some disciples from the Cliff of Broken Hearts wanted to set up an arena for practice. Jiang Hao followed them. He was the only one assumed to be in the Foundation Establishment Realm. Others were in the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao wanted to go with them because he wanted to see how powerful they were, in case he had to fight them in the future.
He followed the other disciples for a few days to the arena. He thought that these disciples, in the Golden Core Realm, were not even trying their best. Jiang Hao could defeat them with a simple slash of the Primordial Heavenly Blade, or by using the two forms of the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade.
Jiang Hao didn’t try to fight them. It was better not to showcase his strength. When people got stronger, they were often led astray by their pride. He needed to keep calm.
At night, Jiang Hao practiced the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles technique and flitted past the forest at a great speed. There was a white shadow that sped past him.
The white shadow was none other than Jiang Hao’s spirit beast. It had become stronger and faster after breaking through to the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
It muttered about wanting a new collar every time Jiang Hao approached. He ignored the beast. Getting a new collar was too expensive, and he didn’t have many spirit stones right now.
After receiving many spirit stones from Mu Qi, Jiang Hao should have been rich. However, after everything that had come to pass, he was still as poor as ever.
He had a lot of spirit herbs, but they didn’t sell at a great price. He ended up giving most of it to the spirit beast instead.
‘Well… that’s that with the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles. I guess I’ll make more talismans.’
Jiang Hao wanted to make more Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. If the opponent was too strong, he could always use the talismans to deal with them.
He practiced the first and second form of the Heavenly Blade while paying
close attention to energy consumption.
Three weeks later, Han Ming came over to meet him. “Senior Brother Jiang, I’m looking forward to sparring with you in the competition.”
He said that and turned to leave. He was confident this time.
Han Ming had defeated everyone in the preliminary round, even the disciples from the other branches.
Jiang Hao sighed. ‘A True Disciple favored by the spirits of mountains and rivers… it’s not impossible for him to advance very quickly.’
Jiang Hao sat in the courtyard and began to refine his saber. The black saber was similar to the Primordial Heavenly Blade in length. Its weight was just right. The craftsmanship was indeed impressive. It was definitely the work of some famous master.
Jiang Hao had practiced the first and second form of the Seven Forms of
Heavenly Blade, the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles, and created 50 Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. He felt that these were enough preparations to at least win third place.
However, he couldn’t underestimate his opponents. They might have prepared a lot for the competition.
The next day, Jiang Hao woke up and walked out to the courtyard to water the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The spirit beast approached Jiang Hao. “Master, why don’t you want to take me along to the competition?”
“Why should I?”
“I could help. My speed is astonishing. When our opponent approached you, I could slash my claws at him and injure him. You can then win!”
“I was thinking of leaving you in charge of the Spirit Herb Garden in my absence,” said Jiang Hao.
“Alright! That’ll do too!” said the spirit beast happily.
The competition was held in the central square of the Heavenly Note Sect.
There were many arenas there.
There were three categories for the competition: the Foundation Establishment Round, the Golden Core Round, and the Primordial Spirit
Round.
Jiang Hao looked at the list for the Foundation Establishment Round. There were thirteen people.
Han Ming stood in the center. He was almost through with the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. As expected of a True Disciple! He had advanced so fast!
Jiang Hao scanned the list and found that he was supposed to fight against Xin Yuyue of Thunder Fire Peak. The name was familiar. Jiang Hao had gone on a mission to the Devil’s Den with her once.
He didn’t expect her to have advanced to the middle stage of Foundation Establishment Realm. He walked to the arena.
Xin Yuyue of Thunder Fire Peak looked at the name list with confidence.
Although she had just advanced to the middle stage recently, she had benefited a lot from the fight against Azure Mountain.
She had a Red Scale Sword in her hand, a Moonfrost Robe draped on her body, and many talismans that she could use. She had everything she needed for this competition. Xin Yuyue wanted to win the Heavenly Dawn Spiritual Technique.
“Junior Sister Xin, with your recent experience in the fight, it might not be difficult for you to gain victory,” said a senior.
“It was mostly luck,” Xin Yuyue said humbly.
Soon, they saw the name list for the competition. Xin Yuyue realized that her opponent was the Cliff of Broken Hearts’ Jiang Hao.
Xin Yuyue was in disbelief. ‘Wasn’t he in the early stage of the Foundation
Establishment Realm? How did he advance to the middle stage so soon?’
Xin Yuyue almost lost all her confidence. However, a senior congratulated her.
“Jiang Hao? That’s great!” said a senior. “Junior Sister Xin, I heard that he just got lucky because of some fortuitous encounter. He has no real combat experience. You’ll definitely win! ”
The congratulatory voices rang in her ears and annoyed her. She gritted her teeth. She would still fight with all her might.
The Heavenly Dawn Spiritual Technique was too precious for her..