Chapter 79: A Fish Leaps Over the Dragon Gate
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After they gave their names, the fight began.
Red silk materialized around Zhou Chan. “This is Hong Ling,” she said. “It plays strong offense and is very fast. Junior Brother Jiang, please don’t push yourself if you feel like you can’t handle it, alright?”
She waved her hand and the red silk floated at Jiang Hao at an impossible speed. Jiang Hao blocked it with his blade, but he was pushed back. The red silk was indeed very powerful.
It was a completely different attack style from Senior Sister Xin. As expected of someone who had made it all this way and stood alone in her achievement! Zhou Chan was quite impressive.
Just as he was thinking about that, the red silk attacked again. As the red silk attacked, he dodged and used Demonic Sound Slash to attack Zhou Chan, who stood at a distance.
However, no matter how many times he used that technique, Zhou Chan dodged it easily.
Zhou Chan was indeed very powerful. She might even be close to advancing to the late stage.
Jiang Hao couldn’t afford to drag this out any longer. In the beginning, he had planned to keep the fight up until the opponent got exhausted. However, he realized that Zhou Chan was better than that.
Jiang Hao used both Demonic Sound Slash and the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles at the same time. The technique was enough to defeat the red silk. In an instant, Jiang Hao appeared behind Zhou Chan and placed his hand on her shoulder.
Zhou Chan put down her red silk. “I lost…”
“Thank you for letting me win, Senior Sister Zhou,” said Jiang Hao politely.
Zhou Chan didn’t really feel disappointed. She left the arena after bowing to Jiang Hao.
Out of curiosity, he appraised Zhou Chan.
[Zhou Chan: An inner sect disciple of White Moon Lake. Her talent is top-notch. She has pure and kind thoughts. She can sense malice around her. She rose to power in one day and is like a fish leaping over the dragon gate.] ‘She can sense malice around her?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
He now understood how she had been able to dodge every attack he threw at her. He had thought that she might have studied something like the nameless manual too. It turned out that she had the ability of higher perception.
‘In the end, I wasn’t trying to attack her. I just put my hand on her shoulder. Maybe she couldn’t sense my intent then.’ Jiang Hao thought that that was the most likely explanation.
He was a bit uneasy. It seemed that Zhou Chan could rise through the realms quite easily with her ability.
Jiang Hao didn’t dwell much on it. Someone of pure heart and mind like Zhou Chan deserved more than being stuck in a demonic sect.
As Jiang Hao left the arena, he saw some people engaged in a heated argument. Looking at people like them, Jiang Hao was glad that someone like Zhou Chan existed in a demonic sect.
On the way back, he met Han Ming. He looked happy. “Senior Brother Jiang, I made it to the top four!”
Jiang Hao smiled at him. “Congratulations, Junior Brother Han! ” “Did you also enter the competition?” asked Han Ming.
“I did.”
Han Ming wasn’t disheartened to hear that, but he did feel a bit uneasy.
Han Ming made his way back to his house. On his way, he met some other seniors.
“Junior Brother Han, did you make it to the semifinals?”
Han Ming nodded. “I did.”
“Wow… you’re amazing! You just advanced to the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, and you already made it to the top four!
Your future is bright.”
Han Ming smiled and thanked them.
Back at his house, Jiang Hao studied the nameless manual.
Although he was careful with the energy fluctuations he revealed when using his abilities, he still wanted to study the manual on a deeper level.
He also wanted to learn the third form from the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade. Unfortunately, he neither had the time nor the knowledge to begin practicing it.
The middle stage of the Golden Core Realm wasn’t enough to learn the third form. He needed to advance further.
He studied the manual till midnight and then began to cultivate.
Every time he tried to study the manual, he had to activate the Clear and Pure Heart ability to understand the content of the manual. It exhausted his spiritual energy.
It was a pity he hadn’t been able to obtain a purple bubble. Otherwise, he could have received another ability.
The next day, after collecting the bubbles in his yard and the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao headed to the central square to check the name list.
Jiang Hao was surprised to find that his opponent was none other than Han Ming. He wondered how Han Ming was feeling about this.
He headed to the arena and waited for Han Ming to arrive.
After a while, Han Ming approached. “I know it’ll be difficult to win against you, Senior Brother Jiang, but I’ll still give it my all.”
“Names, please,” said the Golden Core Realm senior. He glanced at Jiang Hao and gave him a nod. The senior seemed optimistic about Jiang Hao.
After that, Han Ming cast a spell, and lightning spread around him. Then, he charged at Jiang Hao like a bolt of lightning.
Clang!
As the sword and saber clashed, Jiang Hao was pushed back a little.
Han Ming had become much stronger, and he could sense another force surging around the sword.
‘An inheritance?’ Jiang Hao guessed. He wasn’t worried anyway. He began to attack.
The saber and the sword clashed in a frenzy. The demonic slash intertwined with the lightning.
Han Ming used his strongest move and slashed at Jiang Hao with the Sword of Lightning.
Jiang Hao dodged it. He used the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles and stepped closer to Han Ming at such a speed that Han Ming didn’t even notice him until Jiang Hao placed the flat of his saber on his forehead. For a moment, Han Ming had thought that he could win.
“I lost.” Han Ming put away his word.
“Thank you, Junior Brother Han,” said Jiang Hao as he sheathed his saber.
There were some people watching the fight, but they didn’t seem too surprised. Jiang Hao was a senior, after all.
Jiang Hao didn’t rush off to his house this time but sat and watched the fight between those in the Golden Core Realm and also the Primordial Spirit Realm.
The techniques and spells they used were extraordinary. He tried to remember the spells so that he could use them in the future.
The next day, Jiang Hao continued watching the fights between those in Golden Core Realms. He especially paid attention to the people in the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm.
On the third day, Jiang Hao appeared in the square again. Today’s match would decide the winner..