Chapter 80: Junior Brother Jiang Keeps A Low Profile
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Ning Wanping from Law Enforcement Hall.”
Jiang Hao was surprised to see someone from the Law Enforcement Hall competing in the arena.
He was worried for a moment. He didn’t want to provoke someone from the Law Enforcement Hall, but he realized that this was a competition, and the Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t be that petty.
Jiang Hao had already made too many enemies. The most significant one was the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. If they couldn’t find another vessel, they would keep targeting him.
He approached the arena. After the four rounds were completed, the winners could choose the reward.
A young man arrived at the arena. He was dressed all in black. His eyes were devoid of any motion.
After careful observation, Jiang Hao confirmed that the opponent was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He was very strong. When he released his aura, a bone-crushing cold radiated everywhere. His opponent definitely wasn’t an ordinary person.
Jiang Hao thought about it and realized that anyone who had made it to the top four obviously would be extraordinary.
Han Ming hadn’t made it to the top three despite being favored by the spirits of mountains and rivers! This person must be very powerful indeed.
Losing at this stage wouldn’t even feel disheartening because all the opponents were exemplary.
“State your names, please,” said the Golden Core Realm senior.
Jiang Hao was surprised to see him yet again. He wondered if other categories had the same referee from beginning to end too.
“Ning Wanping of Law Enforcement Peak,” said Ning Wanping impassively.
“Jiang Hao of the Cliff of Broken Hearts,” said Jiang Hao.
The opponent was in no hurry to attack him. Jiang Hao also stood there patiently.
Soon, Jiang Hao realized that the opponent was using that time to raise his momentum. In an instant, his energy rushed toward Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao knew that such a movement was used in the second form of the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade!
Jiang Hao used his saber’s spiritual intent to block the attack. Ning Wanping’s spiritual attack became faster and more relentless, but Jiang Hao’s saber was enough to block the energy.
To the outsiders, both were rooted on the spot and did nothing. Meanwhile, Jiang Hao and Ning Wanping were busy fighting with their aura and spiritual energy.
 
 
“How long do you think Senior Brother Jiang from the Cliff of Broken Hearts can last?” “I don’t know. Let’s go and watch other matches. This is getting boring.”
“Okay. Let’s go.”
A few people got up and left.
They were just a few paces away from the arena when they heard a loud explosion. The sound startled everyone, and they turned around to check.
They were surprised to see Ning Wanping on one knee trying to support himself with his broken sword.
He spat out a mouthful of blood and his body shook.
“What happened?! ”
The people who were leaving were disappointed to have missed out on the action. Everyone wondered about the same thing. How had Ning Wanping lost?
Jiang Hao sighed in relief. It was just as well that the opponent had raised his momentum to such an extent that he had exhausted himself. Otherwise, if this had dragged on any longer, his cultivation realm would have been exposed.
While the opponent had used his sword along with his spiritual energy, Jiang Hao had used three slashes of his blade. The first slash was useless against the opponent. The second slash had broken Ning Wanping’s sword. Jiang Hao held back on the third slash because Ning Wanping would have died otherwise.
“Thank you,” Jiang Hao said softly and bowed.
“Likewise.” Ning Wanping stood up calmly.
Ning Wanping knew that he would’ve died if Jiang Hao hadn’t held back on his last attack.
Jiang Hao stood there as the senior approached him and announced him as the winner. He smiled at Jiang Hao. “When do you want to choose the reward?” asked Zhan Lie.
He had watched Jiang Hao fight from beginning to end. He noticed that Junior Brother Jiang was powerful but kept a low profile.
His cultivation was solid, his Dharma treasure was extraordinary, and his saber techniques were top-notch.
“Can we do it now?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Of course,” said Zhan Lie. “Others might hear about it when it’s announced officially, but you can still make the choice now. You are given the priority because you are the winner.”
Zhan Lie led Jiang Hao to the area where the rewards were showcased. “You can choose the reward now.”
Jiang Hao pretended to look at each reward very carefully. He finally walked to the last item and chose it. It was the seed in the box.
“Are you sure you want this?” asked Zhan Lie. “You can choose anything you want. You don’t even have to worry about provoking anyone with your choice since this is a competition and the sect owns these treasures. Nobody will challenge you for choosing something else.”
“Thank you,” said Jiang Hao. “I think this is perfect for me at the moment.”
The seed was what Jiang Hao wanted the most. It was the sole reason he had given his all in the competition. Other rewards were insignificant.
Zhan Lie didn’t say anything further. He gave Jiang Hao the box with the seed.
Jiang Hao headed back to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. He needed to plant the seed near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. After seven days, he could uproot the seedling and plant it somewhere more spacious.
It would cost him a lot of spirit stones.
Zhan Lie watched Jiang Hao leave. He couldn’t help but sigh. The one who won the competition ended up choosing the most useless reward of all. The others were lucky.
The one ranked second would definitely be overjoyed.
Zhan Lie couldn’t say anything. Everyone made their own choices, after all.
Jiang Hao planted the seed. He stood up and dusted off the dirt from his clothes. ‘Now I wait for seven more days…’
He headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He wanted to pick up some bubbles. If he waited until tomorrow, he would get only a few.
When he arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw that Cheng Chou and the others were at their wit’s end.
“What’s wrong?” asked Jiang Hao.
A few days ago, he had asked Cheng Chou to investigate an area in the garden.
“Senior Brother Jiang, I found out that the depleted area held Bone Flowers from the Hundred Bones Forest.”
“How do you know that?” asked Jiang Hao.
“This morning, Uncle Rabbit discovered that there was a problem with another area in the garden. We checked the area, and it was severely depleted in nutrients like the other area we found yesterday. The only similarity was that Bone Flowers had been planted in both places.”
“Take me there,” said Jiang Hao.
He was the one who looked after the Spirit Herb Garden. If there was any problem with the Spirit Herb Garden because of the herbs planted there, then Jiang Hao would be blamed for not taking care of the place. He would be accused of not doing his job well. There would be consequences..