Chapter 82: A New Divine Ability
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“There was a problem with the Bone Flowers,” said Jiang Hao calmly. “It was destroying the Spirit Herb Garden. It would have destroyed more areas if I hadn’t uprooted it.”
“Are you saying that the Hundred Bone Forest Sect is trying to destroy the Spirit Herb Gardens?” asked Li Kai. “How is it that only you have a problem with it? It seems the other Spirit Herb Gardens let the Bone Flowers grow until someone from our sect came over to discuss it. Do you feel like you are powerful enough now and don’t have to care about offending the other sects?”
Li Kai was on a roll. “Nobody pointed out any problems at the time when we paid you to plant the Bone Flowers in the Spirit Herb Garden. It seems the complaints are coming from you only when the Bone Flowers is about to mature. Is there really a problem with the Bone Flowers, or do you have a problem with us, Junior Brother Jiang?”
All the blame was shifted to Jiang Hao so casually. Jiang Hao didn’t want to argue because it’d be useless anyway.
“I went to look for you twice,” said Cheng Chou in Jiang Hao’s defense. “I already mentioned the problem in detail, but none of you cared. If you hadn’t dragged out the matter for so long, it wouldn’t have come to this!”
“Hmph!” Li Kai glared at the fearful Cheng Chou. “The Hundred Bones Forest Sect has paid you to maintain and take care of the Bone Flowers because we have no time. Do you think we would have paid you to raise the Bone Flowers if we had the time to run over whenever you called us? We did inform you that we had urgent matters to attend to. Isn’t it normal for us to take a few days more to deal with those matters and then find the time to see you here? For a matter as small as that, you found it okay to destroy our flowers?
Jiang Hao waved Cheng Chou away and told him to continue with his work. Chang Chou turned and left reluctantly.
“Senior Brother Li, how do you want to deal with this? It’s better if we find a reasonable way to solve it. What’s done is done anyway.”
“Alright,” said Li Kai. “You’re right. A mature Bone Flower costs 5 spirit stones. This Spirit Herb Garden was given a total of 500 Bone Flowers. That would be
2,500 spirit stones.
“Isn’t the Bone Flower worth only 3 spirit stones?” asked Jiang Hao.
“That was before. The price of everything has risen since the fight with Azure Mountain,” said Li Kai. “I heard you made a lot of contributions to the sect lately. I’m sure you have some spirit stones to spare.”
Li Kai knew about Jiang Hao. He had done his homework properly before coming here. Manlong had asked Jiang Hao for help during the fight with the Blackheaven Sect, and Jiang Hao had helped him.
Manlong was smart. He received the reward for capturing the enemy but pushed Jiang Hao to take the fall by shifting the credit to him.
In this way, most people, including the Blackheaven Sect, thought that Jiang Hao was the reason Xuanyuan Tai was captured while Manlong reaped the benefits.
Jiang Hao was silent. He didn’t have 2,500 spirit stones. He had never seen that many spirit stones in his life.
Jiang Hao could only pay 900 spirit stones. He had 20 Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans, but that was barely enough.
“Senior Brother Li, will you be taking away the Bone Flowers too?” asked Jiang
Hao as sne glanced at tne Pile or witnerea Bone mowers.
“Yes. The flowers belong to us. It’s only right that I take them back,” said Li Kai.
“Then shouldn’t you reduce the price by a bit?” asked Jiang Hao.
“The Bone Flowers belonged to us from the beginning. The compensation is your apology for destroying them. The two don’t overlap. Do you have the spirit stones to pay for them or not? I know you earn spirit stones very quickly. You can pay the remaining amount in three months.” Li Kai looked at him. “I am reasonable, you know. If you can’t pay in three months, you can take six months to pay back. However, the delay would add some interest.”
Jiang Hao now knew for sure that Li Kai had spent a lot of time to find out about him. He had done his homework well.
“Alright,” said Jiang Hao. He took out 500 spirit stones and handed them to Li Kai. “Here. Please accept this for now. I’ll pay the rest back within three months.”
“Sure. You are very easy to get along with, Junior Brother Jiang.” Li Kai smirked. “I heard that your garden is suffering from depleting nutrients. I have a treasure here that can replenish the nutrients lost. I can sell it to you for 1000 spirit stones. I wouldn’t sell them to anyone at that price.”
“Alright. Thank you.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Jiang Hao took the two black pearls and watched Li Kai leave. He activated the Daily Appraisal ability.
[Li Kai: The Hundred Bones Forest’s inner sect disciple, at the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm. He was instructed by Ming Zuoquan to retrieve the Bone Flowers and extort you. He thinks that you are stupid, rich, and timid. You’re the scapegoat in his eyes. He is going to report to Ming Zuoquan seven days later.]
‘Ming Zuoquan?’
Jiang Hao vaguely recalled the name. He was the True Disciple of Hundred Bone Forest.
‘Bai Ye didn’t appear…’
Jiang Hao decided to find Ming Zuoquan in seven days.
He looked for Cheng Chou and asked him if he was alright. After confirming that he was okay, Jiang Hao buried the two black pearls in the areas where the Bone Flowers had been planted.
The nutrients did get replenished, but the land wasn’t as fertile as before. If he wanted the area to recover from the deficiency, he needed to find something else.
Jiang Hao decided to visit the Spirit Herb Garden tomorrow to make sure there was no other trouble. He then headed back to his house and continued studying the second form of the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade.
Days went by, and Jiang Hao spent his time between his house and the Spirit Herb Garden. He worked tirelessly.
On the seventh day, Jiang Hao woke up early in the morning. He watered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. The scent of the flower cleared his mind.
However, his attention wasn’t focused on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower today. He was delighted to find that the Seed of the Immortal Peach Tree had sprouted.
The tender seedling had pushed through the soil and unfurled its delicate leaves. There was a purple bubble beside it.
[Divine Ability Fragment +1]
It wasn’t a gold bubble, but Jiang Hao was still happy. He had waited for a purple bubble for so long. He could finally obtain another divine ability!
He didn’t rush to get it. Instead, he activated the Daily Appraisal ability. [Peach Tree Sapling: It is related to the Immortal Peach Tree. After bearing
[Peach Tree Sapling: It is related to the Immortal Peach Tree. After bearing fruit, it will reincarnate nine times and fully grow into the Immortal Peach Tree. Placing it near a divine item and watering it with a bowl of water every day will make it grow faster and bear more fragrant peaches.]
‘A bowl of water every day…’
Jiang Hao was surprised. The seed had seemed very high maintenance in the beginning because it was supposed to be surrounded by 99 spirit stones. However, it was fairly easy to tend to after taking root.
Jiang Hao was curious. ‘Will surrounding it with more spirit stones make a difference?’
As for placing the sapling near a divine item, Jiang Hao didn’t have to worry about it. It was already growing near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Jiang Hao returned to his room. [Divine Ability: 3/3 (can be obtained)]
Jiang Hao chose to obtain the ability.
His thoughts scattered. Jiang Hao felt his spiritual energy gather at the center of his forehead. He realized that the new ability would be concentrated there.
A few moments later, he knew the name of this new divine ability: Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit..