Chapter 83: Another Kill
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Intermediate Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 40/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 45/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘I need to find more purple bubbles for one more ability.’
Jiang Hao wondered where he could find purple bubbles. ‘Should I wait for the Immortal Peach Tree to mature?’
He didn’t know how long he would have to wait. He didn’t think much about it for now.
Jiang Hao focused on his new ability. He raised his hand to feel the center of his forehead. ‘What kind of power is this?’
He activated the ability. The divine ability had two parts. When he activated it, all his spiritual energy moved toward the center of his forehead and concentrated into a vortex.
It was unstoppable, but Jiang Hao didn’t panic. He waited and let the energy flow to the center of his forehead. Jiang Hao realized that this was the first part of the ability: Hidden Spirit.
The next was “Reappearance”. When all the energy was swept and concentrated into a vortex, the second part of the ability could be activated to restore the energy to his body.
Jiang Hao realized that this ability was very useful, especially when he was too exhausted to fight and had to face a strong opponent. He could then use the stored spiritual energy and instantly recover.
Jiang Hao wondered what would happen if he activated the ability when he was at his peak. He decided to try this new ability for the next few days and get more familiar with it.
After that, Jiang Hao headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He stood at the entrance and looked at the sky. The sky was a deep blue today.
“The day is so beautiful today. I can finally sleep in peace after tomorrow,” said Jiang Hao.
“Master, you haven’t been sleeping well?” asked the spirit beast.
“What about you?” asked Jiang Hao without answering the question. “Have you been sleeping well?”
“I’m always in the courtyard. I sleep late, but I wake up very early.”
Jiang Hao knew that it spent most of its time staring at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
It wanted to lick the petals of the flower but held back in fear every time. When it got tired of staring at it, it would then fall asleep late in the night.
It then woke up before dawn and stared at the flower again. That was its routine.
“Master, are we going to the Spirit Herb Garden again? Can we go somewhere else today?” asked the spirit beast.
“I can’t.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Then how will the sect know about my existence? They should all know about me and understand how invincible I am.”
Jiang Hao said nothing. He didn’t know how to tell the beast that this was a demonic sect. Someone would probably kill it if they discovered it.
Jiang Hao was counting on the gold bubble the beast might give. Once it stopped giving bubbles, Jiang Hao could throw it out if it wanted to roam around so much.
“Master, can you get me a storage treasure? I can’t even accept gifts from people without it,” said the spirit beast.
“Find Cheng Chou and get him to find you a suitable treasure,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao then headed to the Spirit Herb Garden and the bubbles swarmed over to him.
[Strength +1] [Spirit +1] [Normal long saber +1] [Endurance +1]
[Vitality +1]
Jiang Hao sensed the minute changes in his attributes as the bubbles absorbed into his body.
In the afternoon, Han Ming came to visit him. He gave him a token and said that it was from the Lawless Tower.
“There is a place at the side of the Lawless Tower where you can absorb plenty of energy. I often go there when I need to increase my cultivation.” Han Ming smiled. “I worked hard outside and did well in the competition because of it. I feel like I had an advantage because of that. You can make use of it too.” Jiang Hao realized that Han Ming was here to show off again.
“You’re truly amazing, Junior Brother Han.” Jiang Hao humored him.
Han Ming left feeling very smug of himself.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh as he saw Han Ming leave. If Han Ming was this way with everyone in the demonic sect, someone might try to get rid of him.
A demonic sect was the least safe among all places in the world.
The next day, a man took a small path to the Hundred Bones Forest. It was in the evening and the sun had already set.
Everything was silent. Not even the birds chirped.
“Senior Brother Ming, I’m here to pay my respects,” said Li Kai.
A white-robed man walked into the courtyard. His eyes were cold. They held no emotion.
He looked at Li Kai. “Come in,” he said.
Li Kai walked into the man’s house. He took out his storage treasure and handed it to Ming Zuoquan.
“This is our harvest this time, Senior Brother Ming.”
Ming Zuoquan took the storage magic treasure and checked it. His brows furrowed slightly.
“There are spirit stones here but no other things…”
“Not just a small amount,” said Li Kai. “I have yet to collect 2,000 spirit stones from Jiang Hao. He is from the Cliff of Broken Hearts and has many spirit stones! I told him I can give him more time, but he’d have to pay interest. He refused.”
“Jiang Hao?” asked Ming Zuoquan. “Is that the same person that Manlong threw under the bus to escape the attention of the Blackheaven Sect?”
“Yes. But we don’t have to worry. I asked around and found out that he won’t create unnecessary trouble. Hates confrontation. Always keeps to himself. We’ll be fine.”
“Can he afford it, though?”
“He can! The Heavenly Joy Pavilion made him pay 1000 spirit stones in three months. He paid it back with no problem at all,” said Li Kai.
“1000 spirit stones in three months? Hm… Maybe we need to take good care of this person if he can afford to pay so much, ” said Ming Zuoquan as he took out a pill from his pocket and threw it at Li Kai. “Here. This is for you. You did a good job. This pill can help you advance very quickly.”
Li Kai accepted the pill and thanked him profusely. He had worked so hard for this pill. Tonight, he could finally advance to the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He would then be one step away from advancing to the Golden Core Realm.
Just then, he heard something buzzing past his head.
A long spear pierced through Li Kai’s head at lightning speed. His head exploded.
Blood splattered on Ming Zuoquan’s face. He couldn’t understand what had just happened. Li Kai didn’t even have the time to react before he dropped dead..