Chapter 84: The Consequences of Killing a Formidable Disciple
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation
Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Li Kai was dead. He died right in front of Ming Zuoquan, and he couldn’t even do anything.
He felt shocked and powerless.
Ming Zuoquan was at the Golden Core Realm. He calmed himself and looked around.
However, in the next second, a saber stabbed him from behind.
The robe on his body protected him. Ming Zuoquan sighed in relief. He didn’t waste any time. He started to gather his power.
A purple light flashed. His defense shattered and his robe disintegrated.
The silver-white blade pierced through Ming Zuoquan’s body.
The attacks had happened so fast that there was only a difference of a few seconds between Li Kai’s death and Ming Zuoquan’s fall.
“Please, I’m willing to submit to you. I’ll work for you,” said Ming Zuoquan. He didn’t want to die.
“Forget it. Not in this life.” The black saber also emanated purple energy as it slashed Ming Zuoquan’s throat.
“You… I’m a formidable disciple…”
The saber flashed again. This time, Jiang Hao used the second form of the Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
Ming Zuoquan was cut into pieces.
“Even formidable disciples have just one life,” said Jiang Hao.
He then left with the storage treasure.
Jiang Hao looked at the storage treasure. It had belonged to Li Kai.
He inspected the place but found no other treasures inside. He didn’t find any clue about Bai Ye either.
‘I wonder who he is…’
Ming Zuoquan was in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm. Bai Ye might be even stronger.
‘I might not be able to deal with Bai Ye right now…’
Jiang Hao didn’t wait any longer.
Before he attacked Ming Zuoquan, he had used the Daily Appraisal on him. However, he had learned nothing important from him.
‘There are a total of 1,600 spirit stones,’ thought Jiang Has as he looked into the storage treasure. ‘I paid 500… so who are these from?
Jiang Hao asked around and found out that at least four other people had been tricked. It was a pity that people tried to do this sort of thing. The guardians of the Spirit Herb Gardens volunteered to work in exchange for sect resources. ‘Speaking of which, I haven’t received any resources for a long time…’
After taking the spirit stones and the 3,000 black pearls, Jiang Hao destroyed the storage treasure.
He would have to face another investigation by the Law Enforcement Hall later. He didn’t know how serious the death of a formidable disciple was.
He could only wait for Liu Xingchen to arrive.
After that, he returned to his house to practice the new divine ability.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao opened his eyes and felt instantly re-energized. The power stored in the new ability really did wonders for him.
‘This is truly amazing!’
He had just used the Reappearance part of the new ability. The surge in power he felt was extraordinary.
He almost wanted someone in the late stage of the Golden Core Realm to provoke him so that he could test his new power.
Jiang Hao caught himself. He couldn’t afford to be reckless. The Reappearance of Hidden Spirit Ability would be his trump card. He wouldn’t use it as he pleased.
‘Divine abilities are so useful. I wonder how long it’ll take me to collect purple bubbles again…’
Jiang Hao walked out of his house after storing his power in the Hidden Spirit in the middle of his forehead.
The spirit beast was already waiting for him in the courtyard.
“You woke up so early today,” said Jiang Hao.
“Master… something has happened,” said the spirit beast. It sprinted up to
Jiang Hao to show him its collar. “Look.. it’s cracked.”
“Then don’t wear it.”
“No! If I don’t wear it, how will others know that I’m your spirit beast?” The spirit beast was anxious. “Master, buy another one for me. If you do, I’ll tell you something important.”
A collar would cost him more than a thousand spirit stones. Jiang Hao sighed. It was just too pricey.
However, the spirit beast was right. If he didn’t get it a collar soon, others would target the beast.
He had 1,900 spirit stones in total. If he spent 1000 on a new collar, he would be left with only 900.
Jiang Hao didn’t even know if he could afford more tea leaves for the demoness. Jiang Hao decided to go to the market next time and decide there.
He appraised the black pearls.
[Nutrient Pearl: Bai Ye’s masterpiece. It’s a product he developed in order to advance. It can provide nutrients to the soil and can also cause spiritual energy to increase abnormally.]
Bai Ye again! Jiang Hao was curious about what realm the person belonged to. He was definitely someone knowledgeable if he could develop such devices.
Jiang Hao wondered if he would get in trouble for taking so many nutrient pearls. It was better to advance to the next stage as soon as possible.
Jiang Hao walked out of the courtyard to head to the Spirit Herb Garden and ran into Lui Xingchen.
He was followed by two other Law Enforcement Hall disciples. All three looked very solemn.
Jiang Hao felt uneasy. He thought there would be at least a few days before they sought him out.
“Junior Brother Jiang, we meet again…” Liu Xingchen looked very serious.
“Senior Brother Liu, hello! What brings you here?” asked Jiang Hao.
“There was… an accident. We are searching for a murderer. We need to observe the people related to the victims for a few days,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao realized that the death of a formidable disciple in the Golden Core Realm was a big deal.
“And this victim is somehow related to me?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes. Remotely, I should say,” said Liu Xingchen. “You need to come with us. Before we go, could we take a look inside your house? It’s part of the process. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen turned to the other two people behind him. “Go in and search.
Please be considerate. Don’t damage his things.”
Liu Xingchen didn’t follow them inside. He stood near Jiang Hao. “Is there anything significant in your storage treasure, Junior Brother Jiang?”
Jiang Hao’s heart sank, but he didn’t dare show any emotion on his face. He remained calm. “Nothing much. A few talismans, medicinal pills, and some spirit stones.”
“That’s good, ” said Liu Xingchen casually.
“If you venture to any places which are guarded, they will check your storage treasure. I’m just informing you.”
Jiang Hao was shocked. Things had indeed turned very serious..