Chapter 85: Should I Ask That Woman For Help?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Liu Xingchen’s words shocked Jiang Hao.
There were 3,000 nutrient pearls inside his storage treasure!
If his storage treasure was investigated, Jiang Hao would surely be exposed for Zuoquan’s death.
Jiang Hao was relieved that Liu Xingchen wasn’t in a hurry to check it now. He felt that he was doomed, but he maintained his cool.
‘I have to find a way to hide the storage treasure away,’ thought Jiang Hao.
When the people from the Law Enforcement Hall were done with their search, Jiang Hao followed them outside. It wasn’t like he had a choice to refuse.
“We are heading to the place where the Law Enforcement Hall conducts its investigation. The investigation might last for seven days. I’ll have to trouble you for that duration, Junior Brother Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen politely. “Of course, it’s no problem at all,” said Jiang Hao. “Which disciple was killed?”
“A disciple from the Hundred Bones Forest,” said Liu Xingchen. “Junior Brother Jiang, do you have any sort of beef with Li Kai?”
“We had a little disagreement with matters related to the Spirit Herb Garden,” said Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “Four other guardians of the other Spirit Herb Gardens have been taken along to the Law Enforcement Hall too,” he said. “We had to round up everyone who had contact with the Hundred Bones Forest disciples in the recent days for questioning.”
“Senior Brother Li is an inner sect disciple, right?” asked Jiang Hao.
“It’s… hard to say. The Law Enforcement Hall is taking over the investigation for this,” said Liu Xingchen. “I don’t have the qualifications to head the investigations related to formidable disciples. Otherwise, I would’ve been able to tell you more about it.”
Jiang Hao nodded. “What is the general process when it comes to such investigations?”
“Well… first, the people connected to the case are all rounded up for questioning. They are observed for a while. This lasts for about two days at most,” said Liu Xingchen. “Then, the investigation officially begins depending on the clues collected. That might last about three days. The last two days are set aside for the outcome.”
“Normally, it doesn’t take that long,” said Liu Xingchen. “The seven-day duration is to make sure the investigation is unbiased, and the twelve branches are informed about the developments.”
Jiang Hao had many questions. He wanted to ask what would happen if someone vouched for him. Would the sect let him go?
The murderer would be thrown into the Lawless Tower as punishment. His realms would be eaten away! Perhaps he could still mine and collect bubbles and try to find some way to bypass the Lawless Tower…
‘The mine is destroyed! It still hasn’t been renovated! Maybe I can find work somewhere else as a laborer…’
Jiang Hao’s heart sank. It was over for him! ‘I wonder if the Reappearance of
Hidden Spirit ability would be enough to fight against the Lawless Tower… No… If I’m caught, nothing can save me unless my master protects me. That’s unlikely.’
Internally, Jiang Hao was in turmoil. Outwardly, he seemed fine.
According to Liu Xingchen, it was unlikely for the Law Enforcement Hall to ask for his storage treasure for at least two days.
As long as Jiang Hao could find a secluded place to hide the nutrient pearls, he would be fine.
‘Who should I ask for help?’
He looked at Liu Xingchen. Jiang Hao didn’t think he could help. Besides, he couldn’t confess. He would be taking a risk without knowing whether Liu Xingchen would help him for sure. It was too dangerous.
‘Who else? That woman?’
Maybe he could ask her to visit him on the pretext that she needed to take her flower away.
Compared to Liu Xingchen, Jiang Hao trusted her more.
“There have been multiple murders in the sect, but this time, it’s a formidable disciple who ended up dead. So many things are involved… The Law Enforcement Hall cannot let it slide because that would mean that the killer is roaming free while we cannot do anything about it. It would ultimately shake the foundation of the sect. The Law Enforcement Hall is taking over fully to find that murderer,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao hadn’t realized that things would escalate to this level.
“So… if I’m killed someday, will the Law Enforcement Hall do everything in its power to find the murderer?” asked Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen laughed. “Do you still remember the case that I mentioned to you before? A murderer was roaming free in the sect. He relied on his ability to hide and kill anyone that could provide a clue to his whereabouts. The Sect Master wanted him to be put down. Then, the Law Enforcement Hall applied for the sect’s supreme treasure, the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror. They were determined to find the murderer at all costs. They eventually caught him and killed him on the spot.”
Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao. “It was from that time that the Law Enforcement Hall tightened its rules. Those on the Law Enforcement Hall’s list, whether as a suspect or a witness, are given full protection. Of course, sometimes the rules make exceptions like… Junior Sister Yun Ruo.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and sighed.
The iron doors closed with a loud bang. Jiang Hao was made to stay in a small room. There was a big hole in one corner of the ceiling that let in a bit of light that did nothing to brighten the room.
There was nothing in the room, except a mattress. He sat down on it and observed his surroundings.
With his study of the nameless manual, he could now detect slight fluctuations in spiritual energy around him.
This was simply a detention room in the Law Enforcement Hall. The security wasn’t strong, and the room didn’t have magical protections.
‘As someone in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm, I could easily escape from here but doing so would be equal to admitting to guilt. The sect will hunt me down… but waiting here to be proved guilty is equally dangerous.’
Once he was proven guilty, he would be thrown into the Lawless Tower. Would anyone even try to save him?
Maybe Elder Baizhi could help him since she was the one who had brought him the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, or maybe that woman in red…
However, there was a possibility that Elder Baizhi wouldn’t care. By the time Hong Yuye arrived, it might already be too late.
Jiang Hao took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling.
Jiang Hao regretted taking the nutrient pearls. He might have been able to get away with killing a formidable disciple, but he had made a grave mistake by taking the pearls.
If they searched him thoroughly, they would discover the pearls.
If Jiang Hao got out of this situation, he would never make such a stupid mistake again!
Jiang Hao thought about how to save himself. He could either break out of here and run, or he could ask Liu Xingchen for help by exposing himself. Either that, or he could ask that red demoness for help…
The woman in red knew a lot about him. If he could find something about her and use that as leverage to at least help him hide his storage treasure, he might be able to get away this time.
But how would he contact her?
He had two days at most. He needed to decide what to do in these two days.
Jiang Hao stayed put in the room and waited for the days to pass. He was waiting for the final decision.
In the worst-case scenario, he might have to depend on Liu Xingchen to buy him some time.
The next morning, Jiang Hao was woken up by a noise in the room. He turned around to see a white shadow crawling down from the hole in the ceiling. The spirit beast’s head looked down from the hole. It grinned when it saw Jiang
Hao.
“Master, you didn’t buy me a collar.”
Jiang Hao was speechless..