Chapter 86: The Demoness Arrives Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was surprised and delighted to see the spirit beast. He didn’t know that the beast would come for him.
It had gone through so much trouble just for a collar!
“How did you get in?” Jiang Hao asked. Although the security was not that strict in the detention rooms, it would still be difficult for a beast in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm to sneak in without being detected.
“I saw the hole in the ceiling and climbed in,” said the spirit beast as it jumped and landed on the ground. “Besides, I have something that allows me to travel to places undetected.”
As the rabbit jumped down, it seemed to be covered in a white mist. It was visible for a fleeting moment, and then it disappeared from sight.
Jiang Hao picked the beast up by the back of its neck and looked at it closely.
The spirit beast crossed its hands indignantly.
“How is this possible? What is it?” asked Jiang Hao.
“I did say I could tell you something important if you bought me a collar, but you didn’t listen.”
Jiang Hao hadn’t expected the beast to have such an ability. The spirit beast’s appearance had opened new options for Jiang Hao. Maybe there was hope yet…
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal ability.
[Evil Spirit Beast: Signs of high intelligence. The beast is at the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. It has just discovered its innate power to deceive the world, weaken its presence, and bypass simple array formations and human perception. It is from the Bloodline of the Evil Beast. Feed it 100 spirit stones for 49 days to further activate its dormant bloodline. Feeding it spirit stones every day can increase its favorability. Now, it reveres you.] The spirit beast’s ability was indeed something!
However, its ability was still weak. It could only bypass simple array formations and deceive those in lower cultivation realms.
The beast had entered without anyone knowing, but it might not be able to leave in the same way.
“Master, please get me a collar! This one has already cracked so much!”
Jiang Hao was silent. He placed the beast down on the floor. “I remember you asking for a storage treasure before.”
“Cheng Chou got one for me!” said the spirit beast as he showed it to Jiang Hao.
“It’s really nice,” said Jiang Hao. “Now, listen to me. Will you be discovered if you try to leave?”
“Nope.”
Jiang Hao smiled. He transferred the nutrient pearls, spirit swords, sabers, and medicinal pills to the spirit beast’s storage treasure.
“Here. Take this, and go out the way you came in,” said Jiang Hao. “Don’t let anyone near your storage treasure. I’ll definitely buy you a collar when I get out of here.”
“Really?!” The spirit beast was delighted.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Yes, but only if you manage to remain undiscovered.” “Bah! Leave that to me! I’m invincible,” said the beast.
“Hide your storage treasure somewhere secluded where no one can find it. You can retrieve it when I tell you it’s safe.”
The spirit beast nodded readily and climbed out of the hole in the ceiling. It disappeared from sight.
Jiang Hao finally calmed down.
It was risky to depend on the woman in red, Liu Xingchen, or even Elder Baizhi. The woman in red was his safest option out of the three, but she was unpredictable.
The spirit beast was the best choice. It would never betray him, but he still worried that it would be caught by someone outside.
Suddenly, there was a commotion.
“On the right! Chase after it!” came a voice from outside.
Jiang Hao’s heart skipped a beat. The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison was helping him stay calm. Without it, he didn’t know what he would have done. He was still too young and immature. No matter how much he tried to be careful. he alwavs got into unnecessarv trouble-
Jiang Hao sighed. The most important thing right now was to find an opening for himself to be free from this place.
The commotion outside died down. Jiang Hao waited.
If the spirit beast was caught, it would be over for him!
Sure enough, there was a knock on the door.
“Junior Brother Jiang, your actions have been exposed, but I can still save you.”
It was an unfamiliar voice. Jiang Hao wanted to believe that someone was willing to help him, but he wasn’t that nälVe.
“I don’t understand what you are trying to say,” said Jiang Hao.
“You know what I mean. You only have one chance. Do you want to seize it?”
Jiang Hao realized that the person outside might be someone sent by the Law Enforcement Hall to lull him into a sense of security so he would confess everything. That unfamiliar person didn’t even mention the spirit beast, which meant the beast might have already escaped.
Jiang Hao remained silent. The person outside sighed in frustration and left while muttering something.
Jiang Hao waited. There was no sound in the darkness. He didn’t hear anyone outside.
The next day, when he opened his eyes, he saw a figure in red sitting beside him.
It was the woman in red! She was looking up at the hole in the ceiling.
When she saw him wake up, she turned to face him. “It seems you like small and confined spaces. First, the mine, and now, this.”
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He bowed awkwardly. “Senior, greetings.” He didn’t know how she got here, but he knew by now that she could do anything.
Hong Yuye waved her hand. A table, two chairs, and a teapot with hot water appeared in an instant.
She sat down on the chair. “Do you have any tea on you?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao always carried the Red Azure tea that he had bought. He got up and hurriedly made some tea.
If the spirit beast hadn’t appeared yesterday, she’d have been his saving grace..