Chapter 87: Was The Demoness Waiting For Me To Ask Her For Help?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation
Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After brewing the tea, Jiang Hao stood at the side.
The room was small and quiet. He was worried that the door might open, and someone might find her here.
“How long are you going to be here?” Hong Yuye asked as she sipped her tea.
“Maybe four or five more days,” said Jiang Hao.
She made it sound as though he had come here willingly. He didn’t want to stay here at all.
If the spirit beast wasn’t caught, he would be allowed to leave in four or five days. The whole investigation only took seven days. If there were no evidence against him, he would be released.
“I thought you liked small and dark places,” said Hong Yuye.
“Senior, you misunderstood. This place doesn’t compare to my house,” said Jiang Hao.
Hearing this, Hong Yuye became interested and asked, “Then how does your residence compare to the mine?”
“I meant I like my house. I was in the mine to help out another senior,” said Jiang Hao.
Hong Yuye looked at him with a faint smile, but Jiang Hao remained calm. He did not believe that this woman could see through his thoughts.
After Hong Yuye poured herself another cup of tea, she said calmly, “Use the divine ability that you used on me last time.”
‘The Daily Appraisal?’ Jiang Hao was a little hesitant since he might have to face interrogation later, and he wanted to save his ability for that time, but he had no choice.
He lowered his energy consumption as much as possible.
“Senior, I used it.”
Hong Yuye was just raising her teacup to her lips. Her hands stopped. She looked at Jiang Hao.
He just stared at her without blinking. A few moments later, he was slammed against the wall by a terrifying force. He stood up in pain. Thankfully, he wasn’t injured.
“It is no wonder you only get along with that beast,” said Hong Yuye. “You’re full of lies.”
Jiang Hao didn’t dare to say anything and just stood there quietly.
“I’ll give you another chance to use that divine ability,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He had no other choice. He did activate his ability this time.
The information given by his ability hadn’t changed. He could only see her name followed by a bunch of question marks.
“I used it,” he said truthfully.
This time, Hong Yuye didn’t say anything, but instead sat quietly and drank her tea.
Jiang Hao couldn’t understand this woman. She was a woman of few words. This was the longest she had stayed with him. Jiang Hao made more tea and served her.
Hong Yuye only stood up when the sun began to set, and everything around Jiang Hao disappeared. The chairs, table, and teapot were all gone as though they had never been there in the first place.
“Next time I visit you, I don’t want to see you here…”
She didn’t say what would happen if she found him here next time, but the implication was clear. The air turned so cold and oppressive that Jiang Hao had a hard time breathing.
“I understand,” said Jiang Hao.
She just looked at Jiang Hao, and when she saw that he didn’t say anything else, she turned around and left. There was a red shadow that disappeared after a while. Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. She was finally gone! However, it was strange that she had stayed here for so long this time. She even paused for a while when she looked at him right at the end.
‘Was she waiting for me to ask her for help?’
Jiang Hao didn’t feel that the woman in front of him was particularly kind, but the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was in his courtyard. She had given it to him to raise it. That was proof enough that he was of some value to her. She would help him if he asked. Whether it was this woman, Liu Xingchen, or any others, they would help him for a price.
In the absence of the beast, he would have chosen this woman to help him. If he had known she would come, he might not have asked the beast to take the storage treasure. Now, there was nothing to do but wait.
At night, the door of the small black room opened, and Jiang Hao was brought out. He found himself in a slightly dark room with three people sitting across from him, two men and a woman.
In the middle sat a bearded man. “Jiang Hao from the Cliff of Broken Hearts?” he said.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded. “Sit down. I have something to ask you.”
Jiang Hao sat down calmly.
“You are much calmer than the others, I’ll grant you that,” said the woman on the left.
Although he couldn’t see their faces, they didn’t sound young. The one on the right sounded younger than the other two.
“I’m the Law Enforcement Hall’s Deacon Elder, Fan Lu. I’m also the person in charge of this matter. I hope you’ll cooperate and tell us everything you know, ” said Fan Lu solemnly.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Of course.”
“We have reason to believe Li Kai came to look for you. Why?”
“There was a problem with the Bone Flowers that they planted in the Spirit
Herb Garden.”
“How did that go?”
“He made me pay 500 spirit stones.”
“Did you hate him for it?”
“I didn’t really hate him, but I was a little frustrated.”
“What were you doing when Li Kai died?”
Jiang Hao wanted to say he was cultivating in his room, but he didn’t. It had been nighttime when he had killed them.
“When did he die exactly?”
“Doesn’t matter. Did you deliberately throw out the Bone Flowers so that they would wither away?”
“When Liu Chen died, he left behind some clues relating to the Cliff of Brother Hearts. Do you think that relates to you?” “That is…” Jiang Hao was taken aback.
“Just answer “yes” or “no”,” said the woman.
“How many spirit stones are there in Li Kai’s storage pouch?”
“I don’t know.”
“When Cheng Chou found out that there was a problem with the Bone Flowers, did he look worried or angry?
“Worried.”
“When Li Kai died, did he look happy or depressed?”
“I don’t know that.”
“Did Ming Zuoquan bring a storage magic treasure with him?”
Jiang Hao was confused. “I don’t even know what to say to that. I don’t know.” At this moment, Jiang Hao felt puzzled. The questions had no logic to them.
These people just asked random questions to confuse him. He felt as though something was trying to affect his mind, similar to Senior Sister Yun Ruo’s bewitching technique.
In the wee hours of the morning, the questioning stopped. T wanted to check his storage treasure. He handed it over. They rummaged through it and returned it to him.
“Alright. You can go back to your house in two days. Until then, we might have to trouble you again.”
Jiang Hao nodded and walked out.
The three people inside looked at each other.
“He was by far the best,” said Fan Lu.
“He was calm even under my bewitching spell. I don’t know how he did it,” said Yan Mei.
“I didn’t find anything special in the storage treasure either.”
“He is from among the top ten disciples of the sect. We can’t detain him for too long without evidence. If we find nothing else tonight, we’ll have to let him go.”
Yan Mei nodded. “I can’t shake off my suspicion, though.” “He is in the top ten because Manlong threw him under the bus.”
“The Blackheaven Sect and the Wind Lightning Sect are both watching. Whoever has the merit will attract their attention. It won’t be long before someone comes after him. At that time, even Ku Wu might not be able to protect him. The aftermath will be tragic,” said Fan Lu.
“Then I’ll have to trouble you two for the rest. I’ll go and report to the Master,” said Bai Ye, the youngest person of the trio.
Fan Lu and Yan Mei stood up and bowed to him as he left..