Chapter 88: Possessed By The True Dragon’s Remnant Soul
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation
Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At night, Jiang Hao rested in the small black room with his eyes closed. In his sleep, he saw the path that Li Kai had taken and even saw Li Kai himself. Jiang Hao followed Li Kai subconsciously until a purple light flashed, bringing him back to his senses. Jiang Hao was still asleep but was aware that someone had cast a spell on him.
This sudden realization made Jiang Hao break out in a cold sweat. If he had not cultivated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra, he might have killed Li Kai and Ming Zuoquan in his dream, as he had done in reality. Jiang Hao looked at the forest and turned to leave. He wanted to follow Li Kai, but he didn’t dare.
However, just as he turned to leave, Li Kai suddenly attacked. Jiang Hao subconsciously defended himself. He even asked Li Kai why he was attacking him, but Li Kai didn’t respond.
In the end, Jiang Hao was heavily injured. He fell to the ground. Li Kai’s bone sword flashed and slashed down. Jiang Hao’s eyes flew open. He looked around the dark room uneasily.
He felt that something had locked onto him; it should be the work of some expert.
Jiang Hao sighed. The consequence for killing a formidable disciple was indeed severe.
Next time, he would lure them outside. It was no wonder that many people in the Heavenly Joy Pavilion restrained themselves even if they hated him. Jiang Hao wasn’t a formidable disciple, but his name was on the Law Enforcement Hall’s list. They did not dare attack him.
Who would want to risk going to the Lawless Tower anyway? Even if they made it out after a while, they would be crippled.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao stood outside the Law Enforcement Hall, watching the sunrise. He was a little surprised. It was only the fourth day, and he had been released.
In other words, the beast hadn’t been caught and no one had any evidence to prove him guilty.
“Congratulations, Junior Brother Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen. “You are the only one who was released so early.”
“Didn’t you say it would take seven days?”
“It’s because you have made great contributions to the sect, so they can’t hold you for long. It must be stressful just having your name on the suspect list, let alone being locked up for days!” Liu Xingchen walked with Jiang Hao.
“Moreover, the Cliff of Broken Hearts won’t just sit around and watch without doing anything. Your recent contributions have made you valuable to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Even the Law Enforcement Hall can’t take that away. As long as you are proven innocent, they cannot detain you for long. The others will have to stay put for another three or four days.”
Jiang Hao was surprised. The system was indeed fair.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you look surprised, ” said Liu Xingchen. “Although we are called the demonic sect, we do have a proper system in place. If someone kills the disciples, it reflects badly on the sect. The Law Enforcement Hall is just. They will do anything to find the murderer. If they can’t find them on time, the Law Enforcement Hall will keep a close eye on everything. They might even summon the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror for help.”
Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao. “However, don’t think that the sect is a safe place even with rules in place. If it’s just injuries, the Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t care. The decisions are all left to the twelve branches. The Law Enforcement Hall only intervenes if things get serious.
Jiang Hao understood.
“You better be careful of the Hundred Bones Forest, ” said Liu Xingchen.
That puzzled Jiang Hao. “Why?”
Liu Xingchen laughed. “Do you think you’re inconspicuous? Your name had appeared so many times in the suspect list. You are associated with so many traitors. Everyone knows about you. Recently, you had a disagreement with Li Kai, and now he is dead. The person Li Kai followed might not be simple. He might target you in the future.”
Jiang Hao was shocked. He hadn’t realized that he was so famous in the sect. He needed to keep a low profile.
As for the Hundred Bones Forest, Jiang Hao felt that he would be safe as long as he stayed in the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“If you want to have a better life in this sect, you need to become a True
Disciple,” said Liu Xingchen. “If you become a True Disciple, the Hundred
Bones Forest can’t touch you.”
“But then there will be no more restrictions on me to venture out,” said Jiang Hao.
The Heavenly Joy Pavilion would always find a way to do something to him outside the sect.
Right now, the Law Enforcement Hall was like an impassable wall. If he didn’t have the protection of that wall, the Cliff of Broken Hearts couldn’t shield him, no matter how much they tried.
There were also the Sunset Immortal Sect, the Blackheaven Sect, and the Heavenly Saint Sect at his back.
How could he survive if they all came at him?
“Maybe become a True Disciple first and then get on the list again, ” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao thought that that was a good idea, but it wouldn’t be easy.
The first step was to withdraw from the list, which was not too difficult.
Next, he would apply to become a True Disciple. He had about a 70% chance of success. Then, he would need to get on the list again, which would be very difficult.
“So, I can somehow make it to the list later?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Not very easily. Unless you’re connected in some way to a traitor,” said Liu Xingchen. “Even then, the Law Enforcement Hall won’t put you on the list without enough evidence. Your status will be too high. They will only do that if the matter is too big to ignore.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. It was too risky.
He suspected that Liu Xingchen was implicitly trying to make him find some traitor that he needed to catch.
Jiang Hao hesitated. He then used his Daily Appraisal ability on Liu Xingchen.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon and a cultivation base at the Peak of the Golden Core Realm. Nothing better to do than be a spy for the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. The reason he is on good terms with you is to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. He is paying attention to you because he thinks you are responsible for all the deaths. He is currently being possessed by the True Dragon’s remnant soul.]
There weren’t many changes from when he had appraised Liu Xingchen the last time, except for the last line.
‘Liu Xingchen is possessed by the True Dragon’s remnant soul?’
Jiang Hao was a little worried.
So far, Liu Xingchen had been nothing but helpful to him in every way.
Once the True Dragon’s remnant soul took over his body, the old Liu Xingchen would be lost to him.
‘Should I tell him?’
Jiang Hao didn’t know how to tell him. He would want to know how Jiang Hao had found out about it. There was no easy way to inform Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao decided to pay close attention to Liu Xingchen.
After a while, they parted ways and Jiang Hao headed to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao went to meet his master and then returned to his house.
The spirit beast was lying beside the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It stared at it intently, as though it wanted to do something to the flower. It looked around and saw Jiang Hao.
The beast jumped back in surprise.. “Master, you’re back!”