Chapter 89: Returning the Favor
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao silently observed the spirit beast, taking note of its collar. He also saw that the beast didn’t have a storage treasure on its body. He did not ask about it and instead proceeded to water the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Within a few days, the Immortal Peach Tree had shown some growth. Jiang Hao was pleased with its progress.
“I’ll buy you a collar within a month. We’ll talk about everything else after a month, alright?” said Jiang Hao. He then headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
The beast pointed at its collar. “But it had cricked a lot. Why don’t you help me fix it, Master?”
“You can fix it yourself.”
After that, he went to the Spirit Herb Garden. Cheng Chou was very happy to see Jiang Hao. The others also seemed relieved.
The others were not easy to talk to, except for Han Ming, who he found easier to interact with. The only thing he had to remember was that he had to be respectful to Han Ming. As long as he stroked his ego, Han Ming wouldn’t cause any trouble.
“Il asked around and found out that there was a similar incident with the Bone Flowers a few years ago. The Hundred Bone Forest threatened a senior. He disappeared,” said Cheng Chou. “The same thing happened ten years ago as well.”
Jiang Hao frowned. The incident seemed to happen every few years.
The deaths of Li Kai and Ming Zuoquan couldn’t stop the matter. The real mastermind was Bai Ye.
Jiang Hao still didn’t know who Bai Ye was. According to Liu Xingchen, the mastermind might target him. He needed to find out who Bai Ye was.
‘I have to become stronger as soon as possible.’
Jiang Hao looked at Cheng Chou. “What level are you at, Junior Brother Cheng?”
“I’m still in the eighth level of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm,” said Cheng Chou in embarrassment.
‘He’s already in his thirties…’
Jiang Hao was in his twenties and was already at the Golden Core Realm. He was called a senior because of his status as an inner sect disciple.
As a True Disciple, he would have had to call Han Ming “Senior Brother” if he had lost to him in the previous fight.
“What cultivation technique do you use?” Jiang Hao asked again.
“Hundred Revolutions of Heavenly Note,” Cheng Chou said truthfully.
The Hundred Revolutions of Heavenly Note was a high-grade cultivation technique that everyone in the Heavenly Note Sect could get access to.
The Heavenly Note Sect didn’t have 12 main branches before. It was said that the Sect Master destroyed each sect before turning them into sub-sects of the main sect.
The people from the Heavenly Note Sect were all from different lineages. The most important people formed the Law Enforcement Hall and lived on the Law Enforcement Peak.
The Hundred Revolutions of Heavenly Note became a cultivation technique that was available to all.
Jiang Hao decided to give some pointers to Cheng Chou to improve his cultivation.
Although his comprehension of the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note was not deep, he was in the Golden Core Realm. He could guide someone in the Cheng Chou was ecstatic to hear that Jiang Hao would help him out. To him, this was an opportunity of a lifetime.
A month passed, and Jiang Hao was not called to the Law Enforcement Hall. He didn’t see any suspicious activity in the vicinity either.
Bai Ye didn’t appear either.
The matter of Hundred Bones Forest seemed to be slowly coming to an end. The people from the other Spirit Herb Gardens were also released.
The matter wasn’t a small one, but it didn’t cause an uproar either.
Jiang Hao waited another month. Two months had passed since Li Kai and Ming Zuoquan’s death.
After making sure that everything had died down, he told the spirit beast to go and get its storage treasure from where it had hidden it before.
“Master, can I buy a collar now?” The beast handed the storage treasure to Jiang Hao.
“Where did you hide this?” asked Jiang Hao after making sure nothing was lacking.
“In a turtle. The turtle is so old that it doesn’t even move from its place. I hid it in its shell.”
Jiang Hao was impressed. The spirit beast was smart.
“I’ll buy you a new collar tomorrow.”
The spirit beast looked euphoric. It had waited a long time for a collar.
Jiang Hao returned to his room and checked his interface.
[Lifeblood: 67/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 70/100 (can be cultivated)]
“It’s more than half. If I cultivate, I have a high chance of breaking through to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm.”
“It feels a bit wasteful if it doesn’t work..’
Jiang Hao had waited for the Hundred Bones Forest to make a move after Ming Zuoquan, but they had been too quiet.
“Forget it… I’ll just do it. I have been refining my cultivation for the past month.
I feel that I can advance to the late stage.”
At night, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged on the ground and began to extract his blood essence for cultivation. This time, the power surged within his body right from the beginning.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra began to circulate, and Jiang Hao’s entire body was covered in purple spiritual energy.
The purple energy floated around him like a vortex.
Jiang Hao felt the surging power in his body. He felt it trying to break through to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm.
However, it wasn’t easy. His attributes kept dropping. He didn’t dare lose his focus.
The next morning, Jiang Hao’s furrowed brows relaxed, and the purple energy gathered in his meridians.
When all that subsided, a new power began to flow.
A powerful aura spread around him. He had broken through to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao opened his eyes and sighed in relief.
‘That was close. I almost failed…
He looked at his interface and was a little shocked.
[Name: Jiang HaoJ
[Age: 21]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 7/100 (cannot be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 0/100 (cannot be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘I exhausted everything and barely advanced. I’m still unable to refine my cultivation,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘The rate is too low to refine everything.’ It would be safer to wait till it reached 100.
Reaching the late stage of the Golden Core Realm was a joyous occasion.
Jiang Hao felt that he could even fight head-on with Senior Brother Mu Qi with this new power.
Jiang Hao was also paying attention to Liu Xingchen. He had met and observed him for the past two months. There were no changes for now.
He didn’t even know why or how Liu Xingchen was targeted.
When he went out to his courtyard, the spirit beast was already waiting for him.
“You can go to the Spirit Herb Garden. I’ll head there soon,” said Jiang Hao.
The spirit beast nodded. “Master, be quick. Don’t delay too much. Buy me a nice collar.”Then the beast ran to the garden. It seemed to think that it would get a better collar if it rushed to the Spirit Herb Garden and did its work..