Chapter 90: Can’t Afford to Please the Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao observed his courtyard.
The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was a little taller than before. Aside from that, there were no other changes.
The Immortal Peach Tree already reached his knee in just two months. Perhaps next year, it would bear fruit. It was growing unexpectedly fast.
Fortunately, the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower hadn’t matured very quickly. As long as the flower was here, Jiang Hao was considered valuable.
The woman in red, Elder Baizhi, and Liu Xingchen all had their eyes on the flower. So, in a way, Jiang Hao had their protection.
He had done his best to appraise the people who passed by in recent months, but he hadn’t found anyone suspicious.
Jiang Hao headed to the market. He had avoided the market to keep away from the disciples of the Hundred Bones Forest.
The first thing he did while in the market was to buy a nice gold collar. The spirit wanted its collar to be eye-catching.
He wanted to return the favor because it had helped him. Next time, he would vuy d b11veL une Lile vectbL b ILIL. IL WUCuu ve d 11LL1e• less Lld5HY. It cost him 965 spirit stones. He asked the prices for collars that could be used on beasts at the late stage and peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. The price was 1,500 spirit stones and 2,000 spirit stones, respectively. As for the Golden Core Realm, he couldn’t bring himself to ask. The price would certainly be exorbitant.
‘Next time, I’ll just save a lot of spirit stones and buy a collar that is suitable for a beast at the Golden Core Realm. That way, I don’t have to buy it again and again.’
After that, he went to buy some tea leaves.
He bought the same tea he had bought before, the Red Azure tea. It cost him 150 spirit stones this time.
He spent 750 spirit stones on the tea. He only had 300 spirit stones left.
What he earned was barely enough to sustain the spirit beast and the demoness.
She only appeared once a month at most. How could it be so expensive to keep her happy?
Jiang Hao sighed. ‘She’s been asking for tea all this time. I hope she doesn’t ask for refreshments too.’
After that, he set up a stall to sell some talismans. He did not have many talismans, so he only earned about 400 spirit stones.
With those spirit stones, he bought a stack of talisman-making materials.
He bought talisman pens and beast blood for about 500 spirit stones.
Now he had only 200 spirit stones left.
Fortunately, everything was going smoothly. He didn’t meet anyone from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion or the Hundred Bones Forest.
Perhaps they were waiting for the right opportunity to strike. Only those who weren’t very strong made trouble. Others waited and planned something big.
Jiang Hao didn’t think anyone in the Hundred Bones Forest would think he killed Ming Zuoquan. Most people looked down on him anyway.
Everyone believed that Jiang Hao had only made it to the top ten because Manlong had chosen him to take the fall. Otherwise, he was someone in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm who wasn’t worth much.
Jiang Hao had heard many people whispering about him. He just ignored them all.
However, he was worried that the Blackheaven Sect would actually come looking for trouble. If the sect really pushed him out because of that…
He couldn’t bear thinking about it. He needed to become stronger.
‘I either have to find something unique to plant or find a new mine to get some bubbles…’
When he returned to the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao saw the spirit beasts waiting eagerly for him.
He threw the collar at it. The beast jumped and caught the collar. Then, it placed it around its neck.
“Master, do I look like a big demon?” asked the beast, twirling around to check out its new collar.
“Not really,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao walked to check on the herbs and absorbed the bubbles.
[Lifeblood Pill +1]
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1]
Atter absorbing the bubbles, Jiang Hao began to clean up. When ne was tending to a specific herb that needed to be handled in a very tricky way, he felt impatient.
He was surprised at himself. Jiang Hao had never felt like this before. He used to enjoy tending to the herbs.
He had advanced from the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm to the late stage of the Golden Core Realm in less than two years.
In two years, he had accomplished something that would have taken others so many years to achieve.
It was inevitable for him to be a little proud. He was able to catch himself whenever he got arrogant, mostly thanks to the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison. Without it, Jiang Hao thought that his arrogance would’ve already killed him. Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. ‘I need to be more careful.’
Jiang Hao thought about the future. In another two years, he might be able to advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm. After that, it might take ten more years to cultivate his spirit. In thirty years, he could advance to Return to Void Realm.
Jiang Hao shook his head and chuckled. He was just daydreaming. The most important thing was to stay alive. For that, he needed to practice restraint and discipline.
He tended to the herbs to calm himself.
After returning to his house, he started to make talismans late into the night.
This time, he took his time. He only drew one line of the character. He wanted to practice patience and get rid of his reckless thoughts. Undoubtedly, the talisman he was making failed.
He then began to refine his cultivation.
Days passed by, and Jiang Hao followed his routine. He didn’t leave the Cliff of Broken Hearts during this time.
Jiang Hao spent most of his time in the Spirit Herb Garden, tended to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, and refined his cultivation. He also drew talisman after talisman. He followed this routine every day.
Autumn passed and winter arrived,
It snowed for a while. Soon, the winter passed, and spring was marked by green saplings pushing their heads through the dirt.
Half a year passed in this way.
During this time, the Immortal Peach Tree continued to grow. It was already two meters tall.
Jiang Hao noticed that he had a better grip on his impatience and recklessness now. He no longer felt the need to hurry things up.
A beam of light appeared on Jiang Hao’s desk. He had drawn an ordinary Heart Cleansing Talisman. It had taken him half a night, and he hadn’t failed this time.
‘Finally…’
Fortunately, no one had approached him to cause trouble in half a year.
He hadn’t found anything about Bai Ye yet. He also hadn’t met Liu Xingchen for a few months and didn’t know what was going on.
The next day, Jiang Hao followed the same routine and refined his cultivation.
He had used up all the talisman-making materials and hadn’t earned any spirit stones yet.
Now, it was time to get back into the world and earn some spirit stones.
When he walked out of his house, he saw Liu Xingchen walking toward him. There was something wrong with his aura..