Chapter 91: True Dragon’s Remnant Soul
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
For half a year, Jiang Hao had stayed in the Cliff of Broken Hearts and didn’t step out, but he still kept an eye on Liu Xingchen.
However, neither Liu Xingchen nor the demoness had come to visit Jiang Hao at that time.
He had used that time to cultivate and practice mindfulness.
Jiang Hao had constantly worried that something might happen to Liu Xingchen. Even then, he couldn’t warn him.
Now that Liu Xingchen was making his way to Jiang Hao’s house, he noticed that something was terribly wrong.
Jiang Hao had spent much of his time studying the nameless manual. He sensed that something was wrong with Liu Xingchen’s aura.
Perhaps it was dragon energy.
‘Has he already been completely possessed?’
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal ability.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon and a cultivation base at the Peak of the Golden Core Realm. Nothing better to do than be a spy for the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. He was bored, so he let the True Dragon’s Remnant Soul possess him. The reason he is on good terms with you is so that can get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. Quite interested in you.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. Was he just hallucinating? How could Liu Xingchen be so bored that he would let something possess him to just have a good show?
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He really couldn’t understand the different types of disciples in this sect. He had seen just one other person who was like Liu Xingchen.
Fortunately, Liu Xingchen was not a threat to him for the time being. Otherwise, Jiang Hao would really be worried.
The appraisal made him realize that his previous worries were unnecessary. Jiang Hao only needed to worry about himself now.
Half a year had passed since the deaths. If there was anyone coming after him, they should’ve made a move by now.
There was no reaction from the Heavenly Saint Sect either. Jiang Hao didn’t know if they had given up or if Senior Sister Ming Yi had dealt with it.
“It’s been a while since I last met you, Junior Brother Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen with a smile.
“Senior Brother Liu, how have you been?” said Jiang Hao.
They headed to the Spirit Herb Garden together.
The spirit beast walked ahead of them. It stopped to catch some fish in the stream from time to time.
“Junior Brother Jiang, your beast is extraordinary,” said Liu Xingchen. “It is rare to see a beast in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm possessing such intelligence.”
Usually, beasts in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm weren’t very smart. It was indeed rare for a beast to have such a high level of intelligence so early in cultivation.
Jiang Hao sighed. “It might catch some unnecessary attention. ”
“You have lived quite peacefully these past few months. The matter with Azure
Mountain and other things has long passed. It might not be long when the Blackheaven Sect would appear to negotiate terms to take their captives back,” said Liu Xingchen. “Have you heard anything about it?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “I haven’t heard anyone mention it.”
However, he knew that this would have a huge impact on him. He had gotten tangled with Xuanyuan Tai without meaning to.
“Then… Junior Brother Jiang, please be careful and remain on your guard. The Blackheaven Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, and the Sunset Immortal Sect might all send people here.”
“I just don’t understand why the Blackheaven Sect would believe that I was able to capture Xuanyuan Tai… I was only at the Foundation Establishment Realm at that time. How could they believe that? Shouldn’t they be concerned about Senior Brother Manlong instead?”
Liu Xingchen laughed. “Manlong is one of the top ten disciples. I think the
Blackheaven Sect thinks it’s too much trouble to target him.”
Jiang Hao sighed wearily. ‘So, they are just looking for someone whom they can harass easily…’
“This matter is actually very complicated. When the time comes, they might not really come after you… but, in any case, just stay alert,” said Liu Xingchen.”l mean it. Especially after the spirit herb incident…”
“Is there a problem with the spirit herbs?”
“The Bone Flower incident, specifically…” Liu Xingchen looked at him. “Li Kai and Ming Zuoquan both died, and they were both connected to the mutated Bone Flowers. That was a huge blow to the Hundred Bones Forest. No one from there dares to pull something like that ever again. But… that doesn’t mean everything is solved.” Liu Xingchen paused. “Have you heard of someone called Bai Ye?”
“Bai Ye?” Jiang Hao shook his head. “Never heard of him.”
Liu Xingchen nodded. “That’s normal. Bai Ye is a very reclusive person. Even I rarely hear about him these days. However, it’s not safe for him to remember you.” Liu Xingchen looked worried. “He is very talented, especially when it comes to spirit herbs and spiritual medicine. People fall into his trap without them knowing about it.”
“You think this person has his eyes on me?”
He knew that Bai Ye wasn’t just an ordinary disciple. He could tell from the nutrient pearls he had found in Ming Zuoquan’s storage treasure.
In the past months, Jiang Hao had carefully used those pearls to restore nutrients into the soil in the Spirit Herb Garden.
He didn’t dare carry the nutrient pearls with him after being detained by the Law Enforcement Hall. He was still worried that someone might attack him and check his storage treasure.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “It’s possible. Just… be careful.”
‘ How strong is Senior Brother Bai Ye? ” Jiang Hao asked.
“Very strong… even stronger than me,” said Liu Xingchen. “Although he isn’t among the top ten disciples of the sect, his talent and his contributions are still very remarkable.”
Jiang Hao was silent. If he was stronger than Liu Xingchen, it meant that he was beyond the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao really couldn’t afford to offend him.
As someone who made his way to the top from being an outer sect disciple, Jiang Hao knew about his own capabilities.
“Junior Brother Jiang, don’t worry too much. You’re associated with too many traitors, so the Law Enforcement Hall cannot let you go yet. You’re safe for now.”
It was such an irony that Jiang Hao was safe because of the traitors he already killed.
“Oh, right… You’ll be assigned a mission soon,” said Liu Xingchen.
“You do know that a chunk of the year had passed without any incident, right?” said Liu Xingchen when Jiang Hao looked surprised.
“It’s just a simple matter,” said Liu Xingchen. “You have to aid in recruiting new disciples. ”
‘Recruiting disciples?’ Jiang Hao sighed.. What kind of people would choose a demonic sect?