Chapter 92: An Invisible Method To Seal Cultivation
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The demonic sects were different from the immortal sects. People wouldn’t choose the former if they had a choice.
The demonic sect was a cultivation sect where the strong devoured the weak. Jiang Hao was once sold into the Heavenly Note Sect. It wasn’t like he had a choice.
The demonic sect was only safer when compared to the Devil’s Den.
Liu Xingchen left after that. Jiang Hao walked to the Spirit Herb Garden.
Jiang Hao wanted to find out what the Hundred Bones Forest was up to. If Liu Xingchen had personally approached him to warn him about them, then Jiang
Hao was in danger.
‘If only all the people around me were like Liu Xingchen…’
Jiang Hao was reminded of the demoness. It had been a long time since he met her.
He looked at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 22]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 77/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 71/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘I’m already twenty-two…’
It felt like he was only twenty-one yesterday…
Hong Yuye hadn’t visited for half a year now. His mind and his heart were calm, but he wanted to see her again.
If she visited him, he could find out how much progress he had made regarding his impulsivity and recklessness.
Without Hong Yuye, Jiang Hao was in a perpetual state of calmness.
‘This is the first time in my life that I’m looking forward to her arrival.’
In the Spirit Herb Garden, many people busied themselves with their own work.
In the center stood a woman with a solemn face. She was dressed in beige clothes. Her hair was tied up in a simple bun. She was Fairy Ning Xuan.
Jiang Ho had only met her once before.
Back then, he didn’t know about her cultivation realm. Now that he knew, he realized that she wasn’t an ordinary disciple.
She had surpassed the Golden Core Realm.
“Greetings, Senior Sister Ning.” Jiang Hao bowed to her respectfully.
“Greetings to you too,” said Ning Xuan, icily. “The Hundred Bones Forest wants to plant some spirit herbs here. I heard you have some misunderstandings with them… If anything happens this time, you can directly tell me. Please plant them in a suitable area.”
Ning Xuan didn’t think highly of Jiang Hao, nor did she look down on him. She treated him like how she would treat any other disciple.
She was aware of the rumors regarding Manlong and Jiang Hao.
“Alright,” said Jiang Hao. His face was impassive.
After that, Ning Xuan left without saying anything further.
“Junior Brother Jiang,” said a woman. “I’m assigned with the Hundred Bones Forest’s spirit herbs this time. I’m Lian Qin.”
“Hello, Senior Sister Lian.” Jiang Hao bowed.
Jiang Hao could tell at a glance that Lian Qin was at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.
“These spirit herbs are quite precious, so I’ll need to plant them myself. However, I’ll have to depend on you a little,” said Lian Qin. “Later, if you find something wrong with the spirit herbs, you can come to me. I’ll transplant them somewhere else.”
Jiang Hao nodded.
“Alright,” she said. “We’ll set up the defensive formation ourselves.”
Lian Qin looked to be about thirty. She was very polite about everything and was vastly different from Li Kai.
‘If the Hundred Bone Forest is really targeting me, then it won’t be easy to deal with them.’
“Senior Sister Lian, I’ll do my best to help.”
A few people from the Hundred Bones Forest, including Lian Qin, planted some spirit herbs in one corner of the garden. Some of the herbs were familiar to Jiang Hao. Others, not so much.
He decided to do some research on the spirit herbs.
Jiang Hao observed them, but nothing seemed amiss.
In the evening, the people from the Hundred Bones Forest left. Jiang Hao was puzzled. ‘They left just like that…’
There was no problem with the spirit herbs, and Lian Qin had told him that she would be responsible if he found a problem with the herbs. This was too unrealistic!
‘Maybe I’m just overthinking…’
Jiang Hao had no choice but to wait and watch.
For the next seven days, he spent all his time observing the spirit herbs. He also refined his cultivation and created more talismans.
He needed to wait for another three months to advance further. Only then would he be able to comprehend the third form of the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade.
Jiang Hao observed the spirit herbs but didn’t find a problem with them.
Bai Ye didn’t make a move either.
Jiang Hao decided to refine his cultivation. He needed to go to the market to get more talisman-making materials.
Right now, he only had around two hundred spirit stones. Jiang Hao sighed. He was never going to get rich at this rate.
When he sat down to cultivate, he felt a sharp pain. His eyes flew open in alarm. ‘What’s this?!’
He checked every part of his body but found no problems. He tried to circulate his spiritual energy again and felt the same stinging pain that blocked him from progressing further.
Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal ability on himself. He found nothing unusual, except for the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison.
‘What is wrong, then?’ He couldn’t figure it out.
The only new thing that had happened in the past few days was that the people from the Hundred Bones Forest had planted new spirit herbs.
Liu Xingchen had told him that he would unknowingly fall into Bai Ye’s trap. Was this it?
The next day, Jiang Hao walked over to the spirit herbs that had been planted recently.
He used the Daily Appraisal ability on them.
[Thousand Feather Flower: The Thousand Feather Flower has a continuous stream of spiritual energy. It can be used to elevate the conflict when refining cultivation. Planting it here was Bai Ye’s idea. It uses an invisible method to seal your cultivation progress.]
‘Bai Ye…’
Jiang Hao had never heard of something like this before. It was no wonder that Bai Ye was considered dangerous.
‘I need to find out who he is and what his cultivation realm is…
Jiang Hao told Cheng Chou to call Lian Qin and have her transplant the spirit herbs somewhere else. ‘Let’s see if that works…’
Fairy Lian Qin came over quickly. She neither refused nor refused Jiang Hao’s request. She asked him where she could move the herbs to..