Chapter 93: Faster Than Mining
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Junior Brother Jiang, is there anything else?” asked Fairy Lian Qin.
Jiang Hao shook his head.
After a few days, Jiang Hao once again tried to cultivate in his house. However, he felt the same stinging pain that stopped him.
The next day, he used the Daily Appraisal on the Thousand Feather Flower again. The result was exactly the same as last time.
He realized that no matter where the plant was moved, the effect wouldn’t go away.
‘How did he even manage something like this?’
Jiang Hao felt that Bai Ye was indeed crazy. He didn’t look for Lian Qin. It was useless to look for her anyway.
She was cooperative and polite. She didnt mind moving the herbs somewhere else, but it didn’t make a difference.
He waited for another day. Jiang Hao tried cultivating once again. He endured the pain and used the Daily Appraisal while cultivating.
There was new information that appeared this time!
[Status: Heaven Extinguishing Venomous Insect and Bai Ye’s Spirit Sealing Technique. The Spirit Sealing Technique was created by Bai Ye. It uses the attributes, taste, and spiritual energy to seal cultivation. It is invisible, colorless, and intangible. You can break its effect by planting a Black Lotus beside you.]
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. His problem had a solution!
However, Black Lotus was not easy to find. He needed to visit the Snow Lotus
Pavilion. This was also not a long-term solution. He still needed to find Bai Ye.
As soon as the sun rose, Jiang Hao headed to the Snow Lotus Pavilion. The Black Lotus seed cost around three hundred spirit stones.
He kept a Healing Talisman and sold the rest of them. When he had enough spirit stones, he bought a Black Lotus seed.
The next day, he used the Daily Appraisal ability on the seed. He wanted to know how he could speed up its growth.
[Black Lotus Seed: Powerful medicinal effect. After maturing, it can be used to increase one’s cultivation. When planted, there will be invisible fluctuations that will affect the stability of the surrounding spiritual energy. One bottle of spirit liquid a day will help it sprout in seven days.]
‘A bottle of spiritual liquid every day?’
Jiang Hao headed to the market to buy some spirit liquid. A bottle of spirit liquid cost him thirty spirit stones. He bought a total of seven bottles.
Jiang Hao was penniless once again. He sighed. The cost of raising a Black Lotus was high.
Seven days later, the Black Lotus sprouted, and Jiang Hao got a blue bubble out of it.
Jiang Hao had an idea. He had technically spent around five hundred spirit stones for a blue bubble. If he had fifty thousand spirit stones, maybe he could buy enough Black Lotuses to give him a hundred bubbles.
If he had a hundred thousand spirit stones, he could buy enough Black Lotuses to help him advance once every seven days. This was faster than mining!
It was all just wishful thinking. Where would he find a hundred thousand spirit stones anyway?
Jiang Hao absorbed the bubble and began to cultivate. He didn’t feel the stinging pain this time. He had wasted almost a month. Bai Ye was indeed terrifying!
“Master, why do you have so many different types of lotuses?” asked the spirit beast. “There is a Snow Lotus, a Blue Lotus, and now a Black Lotus. Maybe get a White Lotus next time.”
Jiang Hao was surprised. He had never noticed it before, but the beast was right. He didn’t have many spirit herbs in his courtyard, but he had three types of lotus flowers.
“I wonder if anything will happen if I gather all seven types of lotus flowers in my courtyard,” muttered Jiang Hao absentmindedly.
“Master, what are you saying?”
“Nothing,” said Jiang Hao. “Let’s go to the Spirit Herb Garden.”
Bai Ye had made his move, The Heavenly Joy Pavilion was still waiting for an opportunity to attack Jiang Hao. He wanted to find out about Bai Ye as soon as POS Sible.
“Master, I heard you have a mission to recruit disciples?” said the spirit beast.
“Can I come with you?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “No.”
He was mentally exhausted. He didn’t even know that the mission would be announced today.
It was indeed difficult to survive in the demonic sect. If it wasn’t someone trying to kill him, there was someone else sealing his cultivation. How did others survive?
He was already twenty-two, and he hadn’t even congratulated himself for surviving this long.
Shaking his head, he headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He collected bubbles and tended to the spirit herbs.
Jiang Hao then made his way to the Law Enforcement Hall to check the inevitable mission he was assigned.
[Jiang Hao of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Mission: Recruiting disciples.
Minimum Requirement: 300. Maximum: 1,000.]
Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘So many? Is it because Azure Mountain really took a toll on the sect and the number of disciples?’
Jiang Hao remembered when he was sold to the demonic sect. They wanted to recruit a hundred disciples at most.
There weren’t many people at that time, so the sect had to search everywhere. He was fortunate enough to be accepted as an outer sect disciple at that time.
Although anyone could be recruited as a disciple, it helped if they had an aptitude for cultivation. Otherwise, they were left to fend for themselves in the demonic sect by doing menial jobs, which were often life-threatening.
The mission wasn’t easy, but Jiang Hao didn’t have to complete the mission alone. He saw four other people from different branches:
Zheng Shijiu of the Ice Moon Valley.
Xin Yuyue of the Thunder Fire Peak.
Feng Baifei of the Hundred Bones Forest.
Yue You of the Flowing Waterfall.
“Two people I already know, and two new ones from the Hundred Bones Forest and the Flowing Waterfall.’
Normally, there shouldn’t be a problem, Jiang Hao couldn’t vouch for the Hundred Bones Forest.
‘I wonder if I can ask the disciple from the Hundred Bones Forest about Bai Ye.’
Something like that couldn’t be rushed. He was only at the late stage of the Golden Core Realm, after all.
Although he had accumulated cultivation points, he was far from advancing to the next stage.
He looked at the mission. It was seven days later.
It seemed that this time he didn’t need to prepare so much. In the last mission, they all; had been given a month to prepare before going to the Devil’s Den.
Seven days later, he was called by the Cliff Master to his residence.
On the way, he checked his interface. [Lifeblood: 89/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 83/100 (can be cultivated)]
He was already close. In two months, he could advance to the peak of the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao still didn’t know how strong he needed to be to match up to Bai Ye.
“Master, I greet you,” said Jiang Hao and bowed.
“You are assigned with recruitment, right?” asked Ku Wu Chang. “During the recruitment process, it is important to find at least three talented and intelligent disciples and bring them to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.”
Under normal circumstances, the disciples would cultivate as outer sect disciples and wouldn’t belong to any of the twelve branches. When their cultivation increased, they could choose to join any of the branches. However, the recruiter could choose three disciples for the branch they belonged to.
“Understood, Master,” said Jiang Hao.
“What do you want to do here, Jiang Hao?” asked Ku Wu Chang.
‘I want to mine…’ Jiang Hao didn’t say that out loud.
Jiang Hao wondered if he could ask his master for help to remove the Hundred Bones Forest’s spirit herbs from the Spirit Herb Garden.
However, he did not want to alert the enemy now.
When he found out who Bai Ye was and what cultivation realm he was in, Jiang Hao would make another trip to the Hundred Bones Forest.
Some things couldn’t be rushed..