Chapter 94: Jiang Hao Is Chosen To Take The Fall
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao sighed with emotion as he left his master’s place.
The Cliff Master, Ku Wu Chang, had given him three thousand spirit stones. It seemed Mu Qi had told him that he was in need of spirit stones.
Jiang Hao hesitated and then accepted them. He had never earned so many spirit stones! If he could save another two thousand spirit stones, he could continue feeding the spirit beast.
It might just awaken the beast’s bloodline completely.
However, that would mean Jiang Hao needed a newer and stronger collar for the spirit beast.
At the foot of Law Enforcement Hall, Jiang Hao met Xin Yuyue and Zheng Shijiu. They smiled and greeted him.
Xin Yuyue smiled at him but was cursing inwardly. ‘What sin did I ever commit in my past life to carry out a mission with Jiang Hao again?’
However, this time there was no one from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, so there shouldn’t be any problem like last time. Xin Yuyue was okay as long as he didn’t drag her down.
At the Hundred Flowers Lake, Hong Yuye placed a stone tablet on the table. She seemed to be deep in thought.
A figure in white approached her and bowed deeply. “Sect Master…
“Has the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower made any progress in the last six months?” asked Hong Yuye.
“It has grown a lot taller. The speed at which it grew is… remarkable,” said Baizhi. “Jiang Hao has been unusually quiet in the past six months. He seemed to be hiding and cultivating.”
Baizhi was puzzled. was barely above average when it came to his talent at cultivation, but he seemed very determined.
“We also investigated and found out that there’s nothing wrong with him. However, some things don’t add up. He was the biggest suspect who was directly related to Ming Zuoquan’s death. But… we found no evidence. If it wasn’t him, it might have been someone under him. In my opinion, Jiang Hao doesn’t seem like a traitor, but he also isn’t entirely innocent. We still need to pay more attention to him. Considering that he is taking care of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, traitors are bound to approach him anyway. It is possible that he is just being dragged into the fray by others who are actually traitors.”
“Who is the person closest to him?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Liu Xingchen of Law Enforcement Hall.”
“Is there a problem with him?”
“From his behavior and past history, there seems to be no problem,” said Baizhi. “However, not much is known about Liu Xingchen. He was tired of being a rogue cultivator, so he joined the Heavenly Note Sect. Aside from that, his origins are a mystery.”
“Is Azure Mountain planning anything?” asked Hong Yuye as she walked to the flowers.
“Not after the blow they suffered last time. They are still recuperating. It’s better to wipe them out by next year.’
“No need. Just let them be for now,” said Hong Yuye. “What’s the Blackheaven Sect up to?”
“They said they might send someone to pick the captive,” said Baizhi. “They want an explanation and also want to make someone pay the price for offending them.”
“Then we wait for them to come,” said Hong Yuye. “Oh…” She picked up a box and threw it to Baizhi. There was a wrist guard inside. “Efforts need to be rewarded.”
Baizhi bowed and left. She knew who the wrist guard was for.
Jiang Hao was suspicious, but he was also worthy of a reward. Baizhi thought that was at least how the Sect Master felt about him.
As for Liu Xingchen, she didn’t really care.
Baizhi was waiting for someone of high status to approach Jiang Hao. That was the only way to catch the traitors.
It was difficult to get information about the higher-ups because they were very careful. The Sect Master had done her part by exposing the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It was bound to attract traitors who thought they were safe in their high positions in the sect.
‘The appearance of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower might have alerted so many enemies from outside too! The Blackheaven Sect might have a hidden purpose for coming here…’
Baizhi didn’t know what to do, but she could at least guess the Sect Master Hong’s opinion of Jiang Hao.
‘Was the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower something that only Jiang Hao could raise?’
At the Blackheaven Sect, Situ Jian was sparring with another disciple.
“You have become better at this,” said Situ Jian.
“Not good enough,” said Huo Tianyi as he shook his head. He left the training ground with Situ Jian.
“I heard that the sect will be going to the Heavenly Note Sect in the near future.
What do you think of it?”
 
“I think it’s better if the sect brings back Senior Brother Xuanyuan without causing any problems,” said Situ Jian.
Huo Tianyi laughed. “You’re still the same! If the elders hear this, they might think you support the enemy.”
“The Heavenly Note Sect isn’t as simple as it looks. A hundred years ago, a demoness took the throne. Her methods were ruthless and decisive. We should be careful. It is said that other sects joined forces to capture her, but she disappeared.”
“But she has been gone for sixty years. She might be dead already. I heard that the Heavenly Note Sect is also looking for someone to take the fall for us.”
Situ Jian smiled and didn’t say anything. The ones who were going to the Heavenly Note Sect this time were ordinary elders, so nothing should go wrong.
Situ Jian said goodbye to Huo Tianyi and walked over to Ren Shuang.
Ren Shuang talking to a middle-aged man.
“Tell me, when you were at the Heavenly Note Sect, did anyone harass you? If anyone did something, I’ll rush there and seek revenge,” said Ren Tianhe.
Ren Shuang touched her neck instinctively. She recalled Jiang Hao.
However, she also remembered Situ Jian’s warning. Ren Shuang was a little afraid of Situ Jian.
She forced out a smile and shook her head. “Nothing like that happened.”
Ren Tianhe looked at his daughter and sighed. “You’ve grown up.”
After Ren Tianhe left, Situ Jian approached her. “It seems that you are not as stupid as I thought you would be, Junior Sister Ren.”
Ren Shuang was flustered. “Senior Brother Situ, do you really think that person is very dangerous? I heard that he has been chosen by the Heavenly Note Sect to take the fall. Even if he doesn’t die, he’ll be in danger.”
“Who knows?” Situ Jian looked into the distance. “Only time will tell. Let’s just wait and see what happens. Perhaps the choice that you made today will work in your favor..”