Chapter 95: Recruitment Of Disciples
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Junior Brother Jiang, your cultivation has improved a lot,” said Zheng Shijiu as they waited for others to arrive.
“Not really. I can never hope to compete with you, Senior Brother Zheng.”
In the previous mission, Zheng Shijiu found Jiang Hao calm and reserved. However, after what happened inside the Devil’s Den, he didn’t dare underestimate him.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you won the competition, right?” asked Xin Yuye.
Jiang Hao nodded. “I really wanted that seed.”
Zheng Shijiu sighed. “You are always very cautious.”
Xin Yuyue felt that it was such a pity that he had won and still chose the most useless of all the rewards. If it had been the cultivation technique, she would have offered to buy it from Jiang Hao at a decent price.
However, Ning Wanping had taken the cultivation technique. Xin Yuyue obviously couldn’t get it from him.
Many people were surprised that Ning Wanping had gotten the cultivation technique. He was actually the last one who got to choose the reward.
Jiang Hao’s victory once again made Xin Yuyue and Zheng Shijiu feel that this disciple wasn’t as simple as he seemed to be.
After a while, a woman with a huge sword on her back walked over to them. The sword at her back was very noticeable.
She recognized Zheng Shijiu at a glance. “Hello, I’m Yue You from the Flowing
Waterfall. I’m very sorry to have made you wait.”
“That’s alright. We just arrived.” Zheng Shijiu smiled. “Junior Sister Yue You, your sword is very eye-catching. Don’t you feel tired of carrying such a huge sword?”
“Not really. I need it for my cultivation,” said Yue You.
Jiang Hao glanced at it. Yue You looked calm and collected. She didn’t seem like a person who liked to talk too much.
Judging from her aura, she must be in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
A bald man walked over to them. He had rippling muscles and looked very fierce. He was Feng Baifei of the Hundred Bones Forest
When Jiang Hao looked at him, Feng Baifai glared back.
After the five people had arrived, they headed out to complete their mission. The recruitment was supposed to happen on another hill. On the way, they would have to pass through an abyss surrounded by clouds.
At this moment, they were flying across the abyss. The sea of clouds made it very difficult to see things. They were on high alert.
“It is said that the sect’s spirit beast, the Heaven Devouring Giant Crocodile, is kept below.” Zheng Shijiu looked at the clouds.
Jiang Hao had heard the same thing too, but he had never seen the beast.
There were people who had visited the place, but none of them had confirmed if the rumors were actually true.
“I heard that someone was eaten by that crocodile. It was an accident, but the Law Enforcement Hall was alarmed,” said Yue You.
The five people increased their speed and crossed the abyss.
After a while, they reached a mountain. There was a small square on top of it, but not many people were there, except a person who was at the early stage of the Foundation Cultivation Realm.
“Seniors, greetings!” said Miao Xing.
Miao Xing looked like he was in his thirties. It seemed that he was put to work to assist the sect because he had no hope of advancing further.
“Hello, Junior Brother Miao. Is everyone here already?” asked Zheng Shijiu.
“Yes. We were all waiting for your arrival, ” said Miao Xing.
The weakest person from Jiang Hao’s group was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Miao Xing couldn’t compare to them. He knew that, too.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you have never done a recruitment, right?” asked Zheng Shijiu. “I’ll explain it to you. All the disciples who have entered the sect are already organized by the juniors. On the recruitment day, we just have to assess them and confirm their recruitment. The recruitment process is done in two ways. First, if someone has a talent for cultivation, we can directly recruit them. If the talent is not enough, then they have to go through another test that will gauge their willpower. If they do well in that, we can recruit them into the sect as disciples. If you feel that someone is suitable, you can even recruit them as an outer sect disciple for the branch you belong to. What we need to do now is to go to the foot of the mountain and see which disciples have a talent tor cultivation. AS long as tney aren’t taking, you can Just recruit tnem.” “I see.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“I wonder if we’ll find anyone talented this year,” said Feng Baifei.
The others were also curious. Everyone felt excited when it came to the recruitment process. If there was anyone with outstanding talent, they could always recruit someone like that to their own branch.
Jiang Hao looked down from the edge of the mountain. There were many people gathered there.
“We had a total of 2,656 people who signed up this time, but only 2,632 showed up today,” said Miao Xing.
Most of them looked very ordinary at a glance. Jiang Hao himself wasn’t considered exemplary. He was only slightly above average.
“Let’s go down and test their talent.” Yue You was eager.
Jiang Hao felt relatively safer in this mission compared to the last. Feng Baifei occasionally glared at him but did nothing further. Everything was okay so far.
He didn’t think anyone would try to cause trouble during the recruitment process. This was an important mission for the sect, after all.
Today, everyone put aside their grudges and did what they needed to do. They wanted to recruit the most talented to their own branch.
Besides, the Law Enforcement Hall had not found any proof of the murder. Since Jiang Hao was the biggest suspect at that time, the Hundred Bones Forest just treated him as the enemy. However, they didn’t have the evidence to make a move.
Jiang Hao’s group and Miao Xing flew down to the foot of the mountain.
The people cheered. Most of them yearned to join the sect. Jiang Hao understood them. He was once in their place and had wished he could fly magically too.
However, once they joined the sect, they would understand that it would be so hard to survive, especially when powerful people kept harassing the weak.
There were two parts to the test. First, they had to test the compatibility using a jade slip.
The more compatible a person, the more spiritual energy they would absorb from the jade slip. The compatibility couldn’t be faked or improved because it was something innate.
The next test was the Heart Sutra. It was a test of comprehension. This test confirmed whether a person had the talent for cultivation.
Jiang Hao and the others, led by Zheng Shijiu, sat at a table and waited for the people to approach them to test their compatibility.
They only had about ten jade slips, but it was enough for the whole group.
A jade slip was divided into seven sections. If three sections lit up, it meant that the person holding it was compatible with spiritual energy, and hence, could join as an outer sect disciple.
If only one or two sections lit up, the person would have to do the comprehension test.
If none of the sections lit up, they couldn’t join the sect at all.
Miao Xing instructed the people to form an orderly line. They were allowed to move forward in groups of ten.
In the first batch, only one person managed to light all three sections.
Xin Yuyue asked for his name and jotted it down.
Jiang Hao could see the excitement and anticipation in these people’s eyes. To them, it didn’t matter whether it was a demonic sect or not. They just wanted to get in.
“Next batch,” said Miao Xing.
A little girl walked up to them. Jiang Hao was intrigued..