Chapter 97: A Traitor This Time
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao knew her name. When he had appraised Mu Qi, her name had flashed in the information that his ability provided.
She was a Saintess from the Heavenly Saint Sect, with whom Mu Qi had once had an affair.
Jiang Hao was worried. He was puzzled as well. If she was a traitor or a spy wanting to enter the Heavenly Note Sect, why would she reveal her cultivation and approach them directly?
“Your cultivation realm is very impressive. May I ask which sect you are from?” said Jiang Hao.
The others were all surprised. So, there was someone this powerful among them and they hadn’t even known it!
The people felt fortunate that they hadn’t tried to provoke her.
“Heavenly Saint Sect,” said Miao Tinglian honestly. “I betrayed that sect and am here to surrender myself to your sect. If you agree to take me to your master, I’ll pledge allegiance right here.”
Jiang Hao felt a headache incoming. He really didn’t want to use his Daily Appraisal on just anyone.
Both the Heavenly Note Sect and the Heavenly Saint Sect were demonic sects, but that didn’t mean the two got along. They were equally crazy and brutal.
Jiang Hao hesitated.
“Of course, nothing comes for free,” said Miao Tinglian with a radiant smile. She took out a small vial. “If you agree, this is yours.”
Zheng Shijiu and Feng Baifei were stunned.
The Heavenly Rejuvenation Pill was what they coveted the most to make it to the Golden Core Realm. It was priceless.
Jiang Hao stared at it. He was aware of what it was and wanted it very badly. It was usually priced at three thousand to ten thousand spirit stones.
He could sell it for even more…
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal ability on Miao Tinglian.
[Miao Tinglian: One of the Saintesses of the Heavenly Saint Sect. In the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. Extremely talented. She defected from her sect and wants to join the Cliff of Broken Hearts to avoid being captured by the Heavenly Saint Sect. She once had an affair with Mu Qi of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. She defected from her sect for him.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. When he had appraised Mu Qi a long time back, he had been worried that Mu Qi was a traitor because of his association with Miao Tinglian. Jiang Hao had never expected that the Saintess would defect from her sect and betray them instead.
Jiang Hao realized that she was not a threat for now. He pushed the vial back to her. “The entrance test is tomorrow. I’m afraid you’ll have to wait till then. First, I need to report to my master about your… proposition. Please forgive me.”
Jiang Hao knew that if he accepted the pill, all responsibility would be on him. He would be blamed if anything happened. If he didn’t accept the pill, then he was free from that burden.
Zheng Shijiu and the others looked at the pill with hungry eyes.
Miao Tinglian agreed to Jiang Hao’s suggestion.
The test continued. After the first test, they already had more than three hundred disciples, including Miao Tinglian. Technically, the mission was complete, and they could head back home.
However, they stayed for the second test.
Miao Xing distributed the books to everyone. This was the people’s last chance. Even if they failed in the talent test, they could always prove themselves in the comprehension test. However, people who failed the first test rarely managed to pass on the second.
“Alright. Begin reading the Heavenly Sound String,” said Miao Xing.
Jiang Hao’s gaze was on Little Li and the frail boy.
The Heavenly Sound String was the first chapter of the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note and was used to test one’s talent.
Moreover, it was completely open to the public. Even other sects sometimes used the same method to test their disciples.
It was said that the Sect Master had come up with this test.
The book was also specially made with magic. If one’s comprehension ability was good, the book would shine brighter. Conveniently, it was divided into seven sections.
A moment later, two men and a woman were selected because their books glowed the brightest.
One of them even surpassed the last section.
Everyone paid attention to it.
Little Li still had no talent. Jiang Hao was confused. The frail youth managed to light up three sections again. His name was Lin Zhi.
‘Hm… I might have to appraise Little Li tomorrow,’ thought Jiang Hao.
Lin Zhi had barely managed to enter the sect. So, there was no need to appraise him. However, Little Li…
Jiang Hao needed to confirm whether she was just an ordinary child, or if her talent was hidden.
“You all are so lucky. You found two top-notch talents from such a small crowd,” said Miao Tinglian.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything, but she was right. It was rare to find two top-notch talents among two thousand people.
After the comprehension test, there were thirty more people added to the list.
The last test was a test of perseverance.
“Test for compatibility, comprehension, and perseverance… Very convenient, ” said Miao Tinglian.
She was a Golden Core Realm cultivator. There was no need for her to pass any test. If not for her complicated background, she would already be accepted as an inner sect disciple.
“We’ll take them along with us tomorrow,” said Zheng Shijiu. “Have them stay somewhere for today.”
Miao Xing nodded. He then glanced at Jiang Hao. “Senior Brother Jiang, do I let Little Li stay or should I let her go?”
The little girl didn’t have any talent. She had failed both tests. So, there was no reason to keep her back.
“Let her stay. I’ll decide tomorrow,” said Jiang Hao.
He bid farewell to Miao Tinglian and flew back with the others. The two top-notch talents were also taken along to the sect.
Before they left, Jiang Hao saw Zhao Qingxue and Lin MO saying goodbye to Lin Zhi.
Lin Zhi forced out a smile and tried to be happy for his friends.
Everyone could see that the two top-notch talents had limitless potential and a bright future. Meanwhile, he just barely made it in.
Jiang Hao hoped that Lin Zhi could survive in the sect. He would need to find a way to live in the demonic sect where the strong harassed the weak.
Jiang Hao’s heart ached when he realized that Lin Zhi might, in time, keep his distance from the two friends. He hoped the boy would be able to bear it.
“Seniors, which branch will we be accepted in?” asked Lin MO on the way.
“We don’t know yet,” said Zheng Shijiu kindly. “However, with your talents, you’ll be valued wherever you go.”
“Will we get to fly like you in the future? Will we be strong like you?” asked Lin Mo.
Xin Yuyue chuckled. “You’ll be stronger than all of us.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. Having such a high level of talent was enviable.
However, being average wasn’t bad either.
“Our friend… can he join us too?” asked Zhao Qingxue.
“He… can’t,” said Yue You softly. “Lin Zhi, right? I observed him for a long while, but… his talent and comprehension are limited. The gap between you two and him… it’s insurmountable. But I think you already know that. You’re friends, after all.”
After a while, they landed at the entrance of the Law Enforcement Hall. The masters of the respective branches were all summoned.
They briefly explained the level of talent of the two kids. It seemed every master wanted them for their own branch.
Jiang Hao told his master that he had some other things to report. Ku Wu Chang told him to follow him later to his residence.
Jiang Hao was relieved. He needed to solve the problem of Miao Tinglian as soon as possible..