Chapter 98: A Dragon Who Wants To Earn A Living
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao had some free time, so he headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
As soon as she entered the garden, he heard the spirit beast talking with Cheng Chou.
“Sixteen-year-old daughters of rich families are the best. They give me fresh carrots.”
Cheng Chou looked shocked.
The spirit beast saw Jiang Hao at the gates of the garden. “Master, you’re back! I was just about to eat a carrot. Do you want some?
“Senior Brother Jiang, greetings.” Cheng Chou bowed.
Jiang Hao looked at him. “Is there some problem with your cultivation?”
“A little,” said Cheng Chou. He was embarrassed to ask for a solution, but he did it anyway. He asked many questions about his cultivation, and Jiang Hao answered him.
“You’re about to advance. It’s best to polish your cultivation for a few days to prevent any accidents,” said Jiang Hao.
Cheng Chou nodded. “Thank you, Senior Brother Jiang.”
Cheng Chou had been in the eighth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for too long. He was finally about to advance to the ninth stage.
If he could advance to the Foundation Establishment Realm, he would be accepted as an inner sect disciple.
Cheng Chou wanted to stay at the Spirit Herb Garden even after that. His talent was just average. He felt that staying here with Jiang Hao would be safer than anywhere else.
Jiang Hao had just finished tending to the spirit herbs when Zhou Chan approached him with a box in her hands.
She told him that Elder Baizhi had sent her here to give the box to him. Jiang
I aff-
He looked at the transparent box and knew that the item inside was a part of the set of armor that he wore. It was a reward for taking care of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower for the past six months.
‘Looks like a wrist guard… I need to appraise it first.’ He put that aside for the time being and headed to his master’s residence.
“Come in,” said his master as he knocked at the gate.
“Master, greetings.” Jiang Hao bowed in respect.
Ku Wu Chang looked like he was in a bad mood.
Jiang Hao looked around and realized that the boy and the girl with top-notch talents weren’t there. The other branch might have taken them away.
“You said you wanted to talk to me about something,” said Ku Wu Chang. “It’s about a new disciple.” Jiang Hao told him everything about Miao Tinglian.
He waited for the Cliff Master to make a decision.
Ku Wu Chang frowned. “Accept her.”
“Alright.”
Since his master had approved of Miao Tinglian, Jiang Hao had only two slots left now.
The next morning, Jiang Hao met with the other four recruiters and traveled across the abyss again.
“Does anyone know which branch took the two kids?” asked Zheng Shijiu. “We didn’t manage to snatch either of them,” said Feng Baifei in disdain.
“Us too,” said Yue You.
“I only know that Zhao Qingxue joined the White Moon Lake,” said Xin Yuyue.
“As for Lin MO, I don’t know.”
The others looked at Jiang Hao questioningly. He shook his head.
“I didn’t hear anything either,” said Zheng Shijiu. “It’s also likely that the Law Enforcement Hall might take one of them. They haven’t taken in disciples for a long time. ”
The Law Enforcement Hall didn’t accept just anyone. Many disciples wanted to join it, but they were always rejected. The Law Enforcement Hall was very strict about who they let into their branch. Everyone was extraordinarily powerful in the Law Enforcement Hall.
After a short while, the group of five reached the mountain. This time, they were more relaxed. More than half the work was already done. They only needed to select three people for their branches today.
“Seniors, all the selected disciples from yesterday have already gathered.” Miao Xing was standing in the square with a few hundred people.
Zheng Shijiu and the others nodded and went ahead to pick three people for their branches.
Miao Tinglian walked over to Jiang Hao. “Any updates on my case?
“You can come with me to meet the Cliff Master later,” said Jiang Hao truthfully.
He then walked to the edge of the mountain and looked down. Many people were still climbing up the mountainside.
From the crowd, only a few would be able to make it.
Jiang Hao felt sorry for them. It was so difficult to become a disciple. Many of them would slip and fall. Only a few would be able to make it.
Someone shouted. A man had slipped. Jiang Hao flicked his finger, and an invisible force slowed the man’s fall.
The man landed safely on the ground and bowed to Jiang Hao in gratitude.
“Just go back home,” said Jiang Hao.
The man looked unwilling. He got up and left. Jiang Hao didn’t know if the man would try to climb the mountain again. Maybe he would.
“Isn’t it dangerous for you to show such compassion? You’re from a demonic sect, after all,” said Miao Tinglian.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. He bowed to her and left.
He wanted to see the little girl from yesterday.
Xiao Li was still waiting for him. Miao Xing had told her that the recruiters were undecided about her fate.
Xiao Li worried about it. She couldn’t go back home. She couldn’t face her mother if she failed.
When she saw Jiang Hao walking toward her, her face broke out into a hopeful smile.
Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal on her. He was surprised that the feedback came a little slow this time.
[Xiao Li: She is related to the dragon race. Ordinary methods cannot determine her talent. She was injured by heavenly thunder and fell into a river. She has lost her strength and her memories. An old couple found her and raised her for a while. They had no choice but to send her here to be selected as a disciple so that she can earn a living.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. The small girl was related to the dragon race and had entered the selection process just to earn a living.
She reminded him of Liu Xingchen, who had gone undercover and joined the sect out of pure boredom.
“Follow me,” said Jiang Hao softly.
Xiao Li jumped in happiness. Jiang Hao felt helpless looking at her. ‘I can provide her with food, but there aren’t many people who live outside the Cliff of Broken Hearts. I hope she can fend for herself.’
As for her identity as a dragon, the Cliff Master would decide what to do. Jiang Hao approached Lin Zhi. “You should follow me too.”
Lin Zhi was surprised to see Jiang Hao, but he felt good to be chosen. He nodded gratefully and followed Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao felt that choosing Miao Tinglian and the two kids might not attract so much attention..