Chapter 99: The Demoness Arrives
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Zheng Shijiu and the others were surprised at Jiang Hao’s choice. He had picked two of the worst people. One had average talent, while the other had none.
However, Jiang Hao had gotten Miao Tinglian, so they felt that it all balanced out.
Xin Yuyue also found it strange. Jiang Hao always kept a low profile, but she had seen what he could do. Xin Yuyue and Zheng Shijiu were a little afraid of Jiang Hao.
Feng Baifei looked at Jiang Hao in disdain. However, he didn’t say anything. Miao Tinglian had made it clear that she wanted to join the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Nobody could stop her anyway.
However- taking mediocre neonle into the branch would make it seem like the recruiters weren’t doing a good job.
Yue You stared at Xiao Li. If she had any talent at all, Yue You would have gladly accepted her in the Flowing Waterfall branch. Unfortunately, Xiao Li had no talent at all.
“It’s almost time,” said Zheng Shijiu.
Jiang Hao looked over the edge of the mountain. Some people had yet to finish their climb. “There are still a few of them left.”
In the end, twenty-six people had managed to climb up the mountain.
At the last moment, a young man struggled. His hands were covered in blood, and only half his body had managed to climb over.
“Alright, Time’s up!” said Miao Xing. “Those who didn’t manage to climb all the way up can leave.”
The man looked very ragged and bloody. His face fell, and he couldn’t stop crying.
Some of the disciples felt very sorry for him.
Jiang Hao also felt sorry for him. However, one needed to be strong in body and mind to join a demonic sect. Otherwise, they would be torn apart. The competition was very cruel and brutal in demonic sects.
Jiang Hao hesitated. Just then, Yue You approached the man. “Do you have a family?” she asked. She was impressed by his determination. He had still managed to make it up to the top, despite getting injured on the way. If possible, she would take him back to the Flowing Waterfall.
“Yes,” said the young man.
“Are you sure you want to join the sect?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Y-yes!”
Yue You stomped her feet on the ground, and the man flew to the mountain’s peak. “Follow me. If you can keep up, I’ll let you join the Flowing Waterfall. If not, I’ll have someone take you away.”
Jiang Hao was surprised. Yue You certainly wasn’t as simple as he had thought. He glanced at the others, who were halfway up the mountain.
“Take the rest back down, ” said Jiang Hao.
Miao Xing nodded.
Jiang Hao fumbled in his bag and handed Miao Xing a spirit sword. “Here. Take this. Thank you for being so helpful.”
“Thank you, Senior Brother Jiang.”
Spirit swords were cheap, but they were still considered important. Miao Xing put away the sword and smiled at him.
After that, Jiang Hao followed the others. They made their way to the outer gates of the sect. It almost took them half a day to reach there.
This was part of the process. The journey nourished spiritual energy. After completing this mandatory journey, the new disciples would be given the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note Manual.
“The Heavenly Note Sect is really generous.” Miao Tinglian sighed. She knew about this path but had seen it with her own eyes today.
In the evening, Jiang Hao and the others arrived at the outer gates. Ming Xiao would take care of the others from here, while Jiang Hao’s group would take the selected disciples back with them to their branches.
Everything had gone smoothly so far, and Jiang Hao was glad for it. However, he didn’t know if taking Miao Tinglian to the Cliff of Broken Hearts might offend Mu Qi somehow.
Mu Qi and Miao Tinglian had been together once, but Jiang Hao didn’t know the current state of their relationship.
“Please follow me,” said Jiang Hao to the three people beside him.
Xiao Li nodded and followed without complaints. However, her steps were a little unsteady. Jiang Hao knew that she was hungry and exhausted.
Lin Zhi lowered his head in apprehension.
Miao Tinglian was a little nervous too. She was about to meet someone who would decide her life and death. If she was not careful, she would end up dead… or worse.
Before Jiang Hao left, he turned to look at Yue You. The determined young man was still following her without protest.
From today, the fate of these new disciples would be different. Some of them might reach great heights, while others might be trampled and left behind.
Jiang Hao led the three people to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. He headed to his master’s residence.
Jiang Hao explained everything to his master.
Ku Wu Chang glanced at Lin Zhi and Xiao Li once and ignored them. Jiang Hao couldn’t tell whether his master was disappointed or glad to have new recruits.
“Take those two with you. Help them settle down,” said Ku Wu Chang.
Jiang Hao nodded and led the two kids outside. Miao Tinglian stayed back.
Just as Jiang Hao walked out into the courtyard, he saw Mu Qi standing there with a worried face.
When he saw Jiang Hao come out of the master’s house, Mu Qi approached him. “Junior Brother Jiang, are you done with the mission? Are these the new disciples?”
“Yes. I’m going to show them around and help them settle down.” Mu Qi nodded. “Are there only two?”
Jiang Hao knew that Mu Qi wanted to ask about Miao Tinglian. “There is someone else too. Her name is Miao Tinglian. She said she defected from her sect and has come to surrender and join our sect. The matter is something I’m not authorized to handle, so I brought her along to meet our master.”
Mu Qi nodded. Jiang Hao left the place with Xiao Li and Lin Zhi.
He wasn’t sure if Mu Qi would blame him for bringing Miao Tinglian with him, but it was out of his hands. It wasn’t like Jiang Hao had a choice.
Furthermore, the defector was of the Golden Core Realm. Jiang Hao had to report her.
Nonetheless, Jiang Hao knew how emotions were. A grudge was a grudge.
People don’t consider other people’s perspectives when they are emotional.
Jiang Hao took the kids to the gathering place of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. From here, they would be left to their own devices.
“In the sect, it’s important to maintain a low profile. Speak less and do your own thing. Avoid offending people,” said Jiang Hao before leaving them.
The two kids nodded.
Late at night, Jiang Hao returned to his house. The mission was a success. From tomorrow, he would be able to get back to his routine.
After a while, he continued with his cultivation.
Jiang Hao was still surprised at the lengths people went to join a demonic sect. Although they were all forced by their own circumstances, Jiang Hao’s heart went out to them.
The next day, sunlight filtered in through the window. Jiang Hao stepped out onto his balcony and took a deep breath. The day was beautiful.
When he looked down at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he noticed another person standing in his courtyard.
She was dressed in red. Her long hair fluttered in the gentle breeze.
She raised her head slightly and looked directly at Jiang Hao..