Chapter 100: The Demoness Did It Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was early morning. The gentle breeze swayed her hair. Hong Yuye stared up at the balcony.
Jiang Hao looked down from his balcony. It felt as though he was looking at a beautiful painting. His heart was restless again.
He caught himself in time. He was a bit disappointed because he had spent half a year trying to calm his mind and become more stable. However, the moment she turned up, his heart was in turmoil.
“Have you forgotten about me?” asked Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao ran down to the courtyard. “I wouldn’t dare! I was just too surprised to see you here, Senior. Please forgive me.”
Hong Yuye’s long red dress trailed behind her. There was a belt at her slender waist this time. She looked beautiful and regal, and Jiang Hao knew for a fact that she was extremely powerful. Only the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower could lure her here.
“What have you been doing for the past six months?” Hong Yuye asked.
She was standing beside the flower. The spirit beast was unconscious beneath the peach tree. It looked bruised and swollen.
“Taking care of your flower,” said Jiang Hao.
“Is that so?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao and smiled faintly.
She looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. “The flower has grown well. The fragrance is nice too. I like it.”
Jiang Hao was relieved to hear that, but he was worried too. Was she here to take the flower away?
He would be doomed if that happened.
“Senior, I’m glad that you feel that way.”
Hong Yuye walked to the Immortal Peach Tree. The tree had grown so fast that it was even taller than her.
“It might bear fruit this year,” said Jiang Hao. “Will the fruit be sour or sweet?” asked Hong Yuye.
“Sweet, I think,” said Jiang Hao.
Hong Yuye turned to look at him. “If it turns out to be sour, I’ll assume you lied to me.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He felt like his words always got him into trouble, no matter how careful he was.
The unconscious spirit beast was an eyesore. He picked it up and placed it on its blanket in the courtyard.
Hong Yuye sat down on a wooden chair. She told Jiang Hao to bring her some tea.
She took out a blueprint. “Upgrade the surrounding array formation to prevent the environment from changing and affecting the growth of the flower. Here is a blueprint that you can use.”
“I just saved up enough spirit stones recently to prepare for an upgrade.” Jiang Hao brought out the tea.
He had never even thought about upgrading the place. The blueprints and materials were simply too expensive.
“I don’t see any powerful magical treasures or new techniques on you. Where did all your spirit stones go?” asked Hong Yuye as she sipped her tea.
Jiang Hao was stunned at the question. He couldn’t remember how his spirit stones had run out.
Hong Yuye quietly sipped her tea. Jiang Hao glanced at her occasionally. She was frowning. He couldn’t tell whether she was thinking about something else or if the tea tasted terrible.
The tea he had bought recently was so expensive that Jiang Hao hadn’t even made himself a cup to taste.
“I want to make a trip to a nearby town in a few days. Be prepared.”
Jiang Hao was shocked. “Senior, I…” “What?” asked Hong Yuye.
Her majestic aura surged. “Are you busy?”
Jiang Hao felt suffocated by the powerful aura. “Of course not! It’d be an honor to travel with you, Senior.”
“Still full of lies, I see.”
Hong Yuye got up and walked into his house.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief and followed her. He thought she was only going to look around his living room. He didn’t expect to see her making her way upstairs.
“Your small house seems sturdier,” said Hong Yuye.
“I repaired it once,” said Jiang Hao. “Otherwise, it would have collapsed.”
He had appraised the house once before and learned what it needed to become stronger. It hadn’t been easy, but he had repaired it properly.
Hong Yuye went all the way to the balcony. She stood on the balcony and looked down at the courtyard in silence.
After a while, she took a few steps back and faced Jiang Hao. “Turn to me.”
“Like this?” asked Jiang Hao as he stood before her and faced her. It felt strange, but he didn’t dare refuse her.
Hong Yuye nodded and stretched out her hand. She pressed her palm on Jiang Hao’s chest.
Jiang Hao was startled by the gesture. However, before he could say anything, he felt Hong Yuye give him a gentle push.
He stumbled and fell backward. Jiang Hao tried to grab onto something, but he missed and toppled out of the balcony.
He fell to the ground with a loud thud. It hurt a little.
Since he was at the late stage of the Golden Core Realm, a fall like this couldn’t really harm him much.
He got up and looked up at the balcony in confusion. Why would she do such a thing?
Jiang Hao couldn’t take her eyes off her at that moment. The breeze swayed her hair. Her dress ruffled in the wind.
She stood on the balcony with her hands on the railings. She looked at him calmly.
Their eyes met. Jiang Hao’s restless heart calmed down.
Jiang Hao wondered if she was reminding him that only she could look down on him, and he had somehow slighted her by doing the same.
“Just remember to be free on the day I come looking for you… to travel.” Hong
Yuye stared at him. “Otherwise, there will be consequences.” She then inm thin air
As soon as she disappeared, Jiang Hao heard the spirit beast’s wails.
“It hurts. It hurts!”
The beast covered its face and shouted.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand why the demoness had to beat up the poor beast whenever she visited.
‘I don’t know why she wants me to come along with her…’ Jiang Hao couldn’t think of a reason.
Besides, his name was still on the Law Enforcement Hall’s list. He needed to ask Liu Xingchen if he could travel to a nearby town.
With Hong Yuye around, there wouldn’t be any danger, but he was afraid that people might discover her existence.
Jiang Hao sighed and put the blueprints away. He prepared to head over to the Spirit Herb Garden. As soon as he walked out of the courtyard, a talisman flew to him. It was a communication talisman.
Jiang Hao checked it. It was from the Cliff Master.
He frowned. The message said that Xuanyuan Tai wanted to see him and had asked Jiang Hao to visit him at his prison.
‘Why does he want to see me?’