Chapter 101: Invitation to Join the Blackheaven Sect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao couldn’t think of a reason. He sighed and decided to go find out. It was definitely nothing good.
He went to the Spirit Herb Garden to collect some bubbles.
He wanted to study the wrist guard that he had been given but decided to put it off till after meeting Xuanyuan Tai.
“Good morning, Junior Brother Jiang.” Miao Tinglian greeted Jiang Hao in front of the Spirit Herb Garden.
Jiang Hao turned around to greet her but felt that something was wrong. He frowned.
Miao Tinglian noticed it. “I’m at the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm. Please don’t tell me you want me to address you as Senior Brother Jiang…” She smiled. “Anyway, I feel like you are wasting your talent in the demonic sect, Junior Brother Jiang.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and didn’t say anything. He sensed that Miao Tinglian’s cultivation wasn’t at its peak. It was sealed. She could only use her cultivation till the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. She couldn’t tap into her cultivation beyond that.
Just then, Mu Qi arrived. “Junior Brother Jiang, please ignore her. Master Ku Wu Chang has instructed her to be observed for at least a year. You don’t need to worry. As for addressing her as Junior Sister or Senior Sister, you can do as you want. You don’t need to listen to her at all.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He didn’t want to start any trouble. He didn’t mind addressing her as “Senior Sister Miao” in any case.
Mu Qi was helping Miao Tinglian to familiarize herself with the new surroundings. Jiang Hao vaguely noticed that Mu Qi didn’t want to be too close “I’m warning you,” said Mu Qi to Miao Tinglian. “Don’t start any trouble.”
“How am I causing any trouble? Teasing a child isn’t really “causing trouble”, is it? I just feel that Junior Brother Jiang is a decent person. Aren’t you being too nosy?
“Just… stay away from him. The ones who had a grudge against him are all dead.”
Jiang Hao overheard their conversation as they left. He didn’t mean to, and they were very quiet. However, the knowledge he had gained from the nameless manual made him a bit sensitive to sound and energy fluctuations around him.
The overheard conversation at least helped him realize that people doubted him even if they had no evidence against him. If there was another death, he would definitely be suspected. He had been too reckless. Even half a year of solitude hadn’t done anything to clear his name.
‘I don’t know if they think there’s something wrong with me, or if I’m working for someone else…
The people who openly mocked him were far less dangerous than the ones who stayed behind a curtain and were wary of him. Bai Ye fell in the latter category…
Bai Ye had never approached him. He hadn’t even sent anyone after him. However, he had silently planted some herbs in the Spirit Herb Garden and sealed his cultivation. He was terrifying.
Jiang Hao sighed and headed inside the garden to collect the bubbles for the day. He then headed to the Lawless Tower.
Xuanyuan Tai was imprisoned near the Lawless Tower. There was an area near the Lawless Tower that restricted any kind of power. The place had designated cells. The captives were put there to prepare them before entering the Lawless
Tower.
Jiang Hao arrived at the entrance.
“Jiang Hao of the Cliff of Broken Hearts?” The middle-aged man repeated Jiang Hao’s words back to him.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Come with me,” said the man. His name was Guo Feng. “You might feel a little uncomfortable inside. Don’t panic.”
Jiang Hao nodded and walked alongside the man. It was so dark that he couldn’t even see where he was walking to. He only knew that he was walking downhill.
After a while, he felt a strange pressure trying to squeeze him from all sides. Jiang Hao was surprised, but he didn’t show it.
“It’s the Lawless ability,” said Guo Feng as an explanation. “The captives have to go through this every day before they are taken into the Lawless Tower. After long exposure, the soul essence dries up and the cultivation realm is completely shattered.”
Guo Feng shivered. It was as if he had gone through this first-hand.
“It works the other way round for the disciples. There is so much spiritual energy in this place that you can even use it to advance quickly. Unfortunately, not everyone can do that.”
Jiang Hao recalled a jade token that Han Ming had given him. The token helped somehow. If he wanted to advance quickly, he might just try it.
“We’re here. You can go in,” Guo Feng said as he stopped in front of a brightly lit cell.
He gave Jiang Hao a jade token which allowed him to pass through.
Jiang Hao thanked the guard and looked at the stone door in front of him. This was the type of cell where high-level criminals were locked up.
There was a sonic boom and the stone door slowly opened. Guo Feng gestured to him, and Jiang Hao walked in. The stone door then began to close behind him.
Jiang Hao wondered if he could break open the stone door if the need arose. With his Primordial heavenly Blade, it wouldn’t be much of a problem.
Jiang Hao observed the cell.
The cell was not a typical four-walled place. It was a karst. The path in front led to the cylindrical platform.
The cylindrical platform had four pillars around the surface. The chains from these pillars were roped around the limbs of the prisoner.
Jiang Hao sensed magical arrays everywhere. It was impossible to escape from such a place.
“You’re finally here.” Xuanyuan Tai was sitting on the floor. He looked at Jiang Hao.
He was dressed in his Daoist Robe. He looked tired and ragged, but his aura was still shockingly powerful.
He sat there without a care for the world.
“May I ask why you wanted me to visit?” asked Jiang Hao politely.
Although Xuanyuan Tai was a captive and an enemy of the sect, he couldn’t underestimate him.
“You seem to have become famous in the sect because you helped to catch me, ” said Xuanyuan Tai with a faint smile.
“I am not capable of something like that,” said Jiang Hao. “It was Senior Brother Manlong who caught you.”
Xuanyuan Tai’s next words surprised him. “Do you want to join the Blackheaven Sect?”
Jiang Hao was surprised. Xuanyuan Tai said it so casually, as though he was asking him whether he wanted to go grocery shopping.
“Don’t look so surprised. I’m merely interested in you. People of the Blackheaven Sect are coming here soon. You might be in trouble. If you agree to join the Blackheaven Sect, I can help you. Even if they take you away, I can make sure you’re safe.” Xuanyuan Tai looked at Jiang Hao as though he was highly amused by something. “You don’t have to answer me right now. My invitation stands. You can even answer after you’re captured.”
Jiang Hao used Daily Appraisal on him.
[Xuanyuan Tai: A formidable disciple of the Blackheaven Sect. Blessed by the mountains and the seas. Possesses a special spatial constitution. Can use the Heaven and Earth Dislocation divine ability. He learned from Hua Le that you have the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in your courtyard. He understands your value and wants to take you back to his sect with the flower. However, he doesn’t intend to inform anyone else about the value you hold. If you agree to his proposal and give the flower to him, he will not only let go of his hatred for you but also will reward you with great benefits..]