Chapter 102: The Demoness’ Array Formation Effect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘Hua Le… Another traitor?’ Jiang Hao wasn’t very surprised. There were too many traitors in the sect.
However, none 01 tne spies coma compare to LIU xmgcnen. ‘l’ne otners Just watched from afar, but Liu Xingchen was too reckless. He always approached Jiang Hao to talk to him. He had even helped Jiang Hao a couple of times.
Jiang Hao was a little puzzled. What value did Xuanyuan Tai see in him besides the flower?
The last line had surprised him. Xuanyuan Tai was willing to forgive him and give him benefits if he agreed to join him…
What if he failed? If he failed to help Xuanyuan Tai plant the flower, would he kill him?
However, this gave him an option. If the Heavenly Note Sect decided to use him as a scapegoat and hand him over to the Blackheaven Sect, he could always choose to join them instead.
He had put so much effort into advancing in this sect by keeping a low profile. He didn’t want to start from scratch. If possible, it was better to find a way to stay here in the sect.
Jiang Hao was about to refuse his offer when Xuanyuan Tai stopped him. “You don’t have to answer me now.”
“Even if you choose to remain in the Heavenly Note Sect, I hope we can still become friends. The path to immortality is… uncertain. Today’s enemy could end up being a friend who could save your life. I’ll try to help you as much as I can. However, I don’t have any intelligence on who’s coming, what they plan to do, and what decisions they have already taken.”
Jiang Hao nodded and didn’t say anything.
Xuanyuan Tai asked him about the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman that Jiang Hao had used before. He wanted to know if Jiang Hao had made it himself.
Jiang Hao told him that he did.
Xuanyuan Tai nodded and talked about his own experience of making talismans. He even gave some pointers on how to improve at talisman-making.
Jiang Hao was grateful. A few tips had taught him a lot.
Xuanyuan Tai talked about gestures and channeling spiritual energy to make talismans more effective. There were many things that Jiang Hao didn’t understand.
After they were done talking, Jiang Hao left.
Jiang Hao walked out of the prison in deep thought. ‘The Blackheaven Sect is really coming here! I wonder how the Heavenly Note Sect will react to that.’
From the looks of things, Jiang Hao was really in danger. ‘I’m not strong enough.
Jiang Hao could only think about mining. If only he could mine for a few days, he could have a chance at advancing further.
Unfortunately, the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and the demoness associated with it made it difficult for him to cultivate in peace. He had to adapt to his current circumstances.
After leaving the Lawless Tower, Jiang Hao headed to the market. He took out the blueprint that Hong Yuye had given him.
He needed to buy enough materials if he wanted to upgrade his place.
“1,300?!” Jiang Hao was stunned at the price.
The array master shook his head. “I can’t give you more discounts. The materials you see aren’t very common. This is an adaptation of the spirit-gathering array. However, no one would modify it as strangely as you. I have no idea what these array patterns are for. It’s as if… they’re incompatible. I can understand them while they are separated, but… it’ll take some time.
Anyhow, that’s the price for the materials and I don’t have some of them in
stock. You’ll have to wait.”
Jiang Hao was shocked. The blueprint that Hong Yuye gave him last time was cheaper. In fact, Jiang Hao didn’t even have to spend much on spirit stones to complete it. This time, the materials were too expensive, and the merchant didn’t even have some of the materials in the shop.
“How long?”
“Three days,” said the array master.
Jiang Hao paid him three hundred spirit stones as a deposit and went back to his house.
Three days later, he went to the market and paid the full price. He finally managed to get all the materials to set up the array formation. He looked at the formation diagram.
After a while, the array formation was successfully upgraded. Jiang Hao sighed in relief.
The array was needed to prevent the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower from affecting the surroundings.
The more people knew about the flower, the more trouble they would cause. Ordinary people looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and thought it was an ordinary spirit herb. However, a few of them knew about its potential and went to great lengths to obtain it.
Elder Baizhi hadn’t made this matter public because she wanted to lure the traitors into her trap.
Ming Yi, Liu Xingchen, and the spirit beast had all approached him because of the flower. However, they kept their distance.
Only Hong Yuye had taken the bait.
In the courtyard, the spirit beast had fallen asleep near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower while drooling from its mouth.
Jiang Hao sighed. No matter what he tried, the beast stayed close to the flower. He wouldn’t mind if someone could teach it a lesson so that it would never approach the flower again.
Jiang Hao went into his house and prepared to cultivate. As he started it, he frowned. He found that the flow of the spiritual energy was quite smooth today. It was strange.
Even though Jiang Hao had bypassed Bai Ye’s seal with the Black Lotus, he had found it quite difficult to cultivate. However, today, he wasn’t affected by anything at all.
“Wow… Master, did you set up this formation? I feel the spiritual energy in waves,” said the beast from outside.
Jiang Hao ignored the beast. He calmed himself and tried to make some talismans. Talisman-making was his livelihood. If he continued making good talismans, he could survive, no matter which sect he was in.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao set down the talisman brush and let out a long sigh.
Jiang Hao had tried to make at least ten talismans. However, his success rate had decreased. He could only manage eight working talismans.
Jiang Hao realized that his failure was because he hadn’t used the Clear and
Pure Heard divine ability. He was too tired and decided to rest for a day or two. ‘I should try not to use my divine abilities too much.’
Three days later, Jiang Hao looked at the talismans, which had ended in failure. He shook his head in defeat. When he didn’t use his divine ability, he increasingly failed at making effective talismans.
However, he realized that he felt less tired after making talismans when he didn’t use his abilities.
Jiang Hao packed the materials and set them aside. He then went outside to collect some bubbles.
[Cultivation +1] [Lifeblood +1]
[Strength +1]
As Jiang Hao headed to the Spirit Herb Garden, the spirit beast jumped up and followed him.
“Master, aren’t you bored of doing the same thing every day?” asked the spirit beast.
“You have to learn to enjoy this kind of life,” said Jiang Hao. “When there is no trouble, it means you’re safe.”
“But you’ve raised me to be so strong and powerful,” said the spirit beast.
“When will I get to show off?”
Jiang Hao smiled. “Don’t cause trouble. When the time comes, you can show off all you like. Otherwise, I’ll let you go free.”
As he arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw that Cheng Chou looked worried.
“Did something happen?” Jiang Hao asked.
Ever since the Bone Flower incident, he knew that the Spirit Herb Garden hadn’t known a moment of peace.
“Senior Brother Jiang, there’s something I need your help with,” Cheng Chou said awkwardly. “It’s not about the Spirit Herb Garden. Everything is alright.
It’s… the new disciples.”
“New disciple?” Jiang Hao instantly thought of Xiao Li and Lin Zhi.
“It’s Junior Sister Xiao Li, she’s too… noisy.” Cheng Chou sighed wearily. ‘She started causing trouble so soon?’ Jiang Hao was surprised..