Chapter 103: Going Home For A Visit
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Tell me everything,” said Jiang Hao as he walked with Cheng Chou toward the outermost part of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Xiao Li was an outer sect disciple that he had brought in. If something happened, he would have to take responsibility.
“Actually…the outer sect disciples are required to recite the first chapter of Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note to stimulate their spiritual roots to interact with the spiritual energy. But Junior Sister Xiao Li…” Cheng Chou pressed at his temples in frustration. “She’s very hardworking in other things, but… she runs away when she’s asked to recite it. She doesn’t care how many times she is punished by her seniors. She always runs away when it’s time to recite the text. A senior was a bit angry at her, so he tried to restrain her with a spell, but he couldn’t. She refuses to study. Nobody can restrain her. Now, she’s gone into hiding.”
Jiang Hao sighed. As someone from the Dragon Clan, it made sense why nobody could restrain her by normal means. However, he didn’t expect Xiao Li to be so resistant to reciting the text. Was it because she couldn’t read at all?
Under normal circumstances, seniors wouldn’t care about outer sect disciples. However, he was the one who had selected Xiao Li and brought her to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. She was his responsibility.
Jiang Hao stopped and looked up when he arrived in front of the outermost mountain of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“Is she there?” “Yes,” said Cheng Chou.
“Call her,” said Jiang Hao.
Cheng Chou looked puzzled. She had gone into hiding.
“Just say something about food,” said the spirit beast. “I’m sure she’ll come running.”
“It’s time to eat!” shouted Cheng Chou.
Something flitted past at an impossible speed. Jiang Hao sighed and raised his sheathed blade.
Bang!
As he swung it, a small figure fell to the ground. Xiao Li no longer looked malnourished and haggard as before.
She tried to run away. When she saw Jiang Hao looking down at her, she didn’t dare move.
He was the person who had selected her and brought her here. She couldn’t disobey him.
Jiang Hao felt sorry for the child when he saw her lower her head guiltily.
“Hungry?” he asked.
Xiao Li nodded and then shook her head.
“Follow me,” said Jiang Hao.
Xiao Li walked behind him with her head lowered.
Cheng Chou was a little surprised. How was she so obedient in front of Jiang Hao?
The spirit beast jumped onto Xiao Li’s shoulder. “Master brought you here? Call me “Big Brother”. I can protect you.”
Xiao Li was a little surprised. She pinched the spirit beast’s cheeks. “You’re cute.”
“I’m Uncle Rabbit. You’re being disrespectful,” he said sternly. However, he didn’t push her hands away.
In the cafeteria, Jiang Hao led Xiao Li to a table and sat down. Cheng Chou followed too.
Jiang Hao asked for some food. When it was brought to the table, Xiao Li looked at him expectantly. “C-can I eat?” she asked.
Jiang Hao nodded.
Xiao Li ate heartily. Not one crumb was left. However, she took the last piece of dessert, wrapped it in a tissue, and put it in her pocket.
“Is that for later?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Not for me. My parents… the ones who raised me. I don’t think they’ve ever eaten food this delicious.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He recalled the home he had stayed in before he was sold to the demonic sect.
“How old are they?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Well… my father’s hair is all white. He’s so old that he can’t even chop firewood anymore. My mother’s eyesight isn’t what it used to be. She can’t even sew the tear in my clothes. They are very old. They can’t even chew properly, but this dessert is soft. They’ll like it. When can I go home to visit them?”
Those words made Jiang Hao feel a pang in his heart. How long had it been since his family had sold him to the demonic sect?
He didn’t even know what he felt. Resentment? Hatred? Longing?
Jiang Hao didn’t hate them or resent them. He couldn’t even remember them properly. He had invested every ounce of his energy into surviving that he hadn’t even stopped once to think about his family.
Now that Xiao Li mentioned her family, even Jiang Hao wanted to go back and check on his previous home.
However, he didn’t dare leave the sect.
The Sunset Immortal Sect, the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, the Heavenly Saint Sect, the Blackheaven Sect, and now the Hundred Bones Forest were all watching him. He needed to compose himself and think calmly. Besides, was there even a point in visiting his previous home?
Xiao Li lowered her head. “We can’t go back?”
Her question brought him back to reality. Jiang Hao looked at the child in front of him and sighed. It was very difficult to go out of the sect, but it wasn’t impossible.
He took out the Hundred Revolutions of Heavenly Note textbook and gave it to Xiao Li. “Familiarize yourself with this. If you manage to recite the first chapter and enter the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, I’ll have someone take you back to your house for a visit. I’ll also buy you some delicious food that you can take back.”
“Read this?” Xiao Li made a long face.
“That depends on you. Do you want to do this for a chance to go home and visit your parents?” asked Jiang Hao, who got up from his seat. “Once you familiarize yourself with it and attain the first stage, come find me.”
Jiang Hao turned around and left. Cheng Chou and the spirit beast followed him.
Xiao Li looked at the book. She then took out the dessert she had wrapped. It was breaking apart. She ate it.
She grabbed the book and ran to the place where the outer sect disciples were being taught. Everyone was stunned to see her sit down with the others and diligently recite the text.
The senior glanced at her. “Junior Sister Xiao Li, you’ll doze off again. Stand up and recite the text.”
Xiao Li Glared at him and stood up.
The seniors were wary of her. They knew that she wasn’t someone ordinary. Their spells had no effect on her at all.
This time, Xiao Li obeyed their instructions. The seniors heaved a sigh of relief.
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao collected bubbles. The increase in attributes made him feel at peace.
However, Xiao Li’s words lingered in his mind. It had been more than ten years since he had joined the demonic sect. He also wanted to go back and see what had become of his home.
“Senior Brother Jiang, Xiao Li’s family sounds very old. By the time she reaches the first stage, her parents might…” Cheng Chou was concerned.
After entering the Heavenly Note Sect, they were all estranged from their families, especially those at the bottom of the ladder.
“Junior Brother Cheng, please make some arrangements to take her back to her house in a few days,” said Jiang Hao.
Cheng Chou nodded. It seemed Jiang Hao wanted to send Xiao Li to her house to visit her parents as soon as possible. That was alright as long as she was motivated to cultivate.
Cheng Chou seemed to have misunderstood something, but Jiang Hao didn’t sav anything further to clarify..