Chapter 104: Robbing Him Of His Spirit Herb Garden
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao observed the spirit herbs around him.
He had already carefully checked the herbs sent by the Hundred Bones Forest.
On the surface, they all looked like ordinary spirit herbs. Jiang Hao wasn’t able to figure out how Bai Ye had incorporated the Spirit Sealing Technique into them.
Jiang Hao had to admit that Bai Ye was a genius, and he couldn’t do anything to thwart Bai Ye’s plans. In the demonic sect, disciples had no restrictions and could experiment with things as much as they wished.
Jiang Hao had once heard that someone’s experiment had gone so wrong that a spirit beast had appeared in the sect and destroyed a whole city before it was put down. It seemed that the spirit herbs in front of him were also a result of experimentation.
In the afternoon, just as Jiang Hao was about to leave the garden, Miao Tinglian found him.
“Senior Sister Miao, is something the matter?” he asked.
Miao Tinglian smiled. “It is no wonder that others in the Cliff of Broken Hearts overlook you, Junior Brother Jiang. You keep a very low profile and avoid offending people as much as possible.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything to that. It was rare for him to meet seniors who were in the Golden Core Realm.
“Oh… since I’m a new disciple, should I also take care of the Spirit Herb Garden?” asked Miao Tinglian.
“That’s not necessary, Senior Sister Miao. You should focus on your cultivation. Leave this to me.” Jiang Hao wondered why she was trying to rob him of the
Spirit Herb Garden. He wouldn’t let go unless he was allowed back in the mines.
“Actually… I do have some knowledge regarding the spirit herbs, ” said Miao Tinglian. “Are you sure you don’t need my help in managing a section of the garden?”
Jiang Hao still shook his head.
Miao Tinglian nodded.
“Since you brought me here, I’m going to tell you this in gratitude,” said Miao Tinglian as she turned to leave. “If you’re not feeling well, it’s better to move away.”
Jiang Hao realized that Miao Tinglian indeed had sharp eyes. She had seen the problem in the spirit herbs brought by the Hundred Bones Forest when no one else had.
He wondered whether Miao Tinglian and Ming Yi knew each other.
Jiang Hao returned to his house. He looked at the courtyard that was stabilized by an array formation. Nothing seemed conspicuous. Very few people knew that he had the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in his courtyard.
‘If Bai Ye finds out about that, will he try something new?’
The spirit beast ran into the courtyard and spun around. “Master, I love your house. You won’t kick me out in the future, right?”
“As long as vou don’t turn into a monster…
“Hahaha… You really like to joke! I’m a demon. How could I ever become a monster?”
The spirit beast then settled into a cozy space and stared at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Jiang Hao returned to his room and prepared to make talismans. He still had 1,700 spirit stones. He wanted to increase it to five thousand so that he could continue feeding the spirit beast.
Seven days later, Cheng Chou woke up early in the morning and was just heading out to the Spirit Herb Garden when he saw Xiao Li appear at his door.
He was worried. ‘Is she alright?’
Cheng Chou knew that outer sect disciples were beaten a lot as punishment. No one really cared about it. Outer sect disciples were practically outcasts.
However, he knew that Xiao Li was extraordinarily talented.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li, were you looking for me?” asked Chang Chou when she didn’t speak.
“I want to see Senior Brother Jiang,” she said.
Xiao Li knew his name but didn’t know how to find him. She knew that Cheng Chou worked with him. So, she had come to seek him out, hoping he would take her to Jiang Hao.
Cheng Chou nodded and took her with him to the Spirit Herb Garden.
On the way, he glanced at her. “Junior Sister Xiao Li, you just have to be patient for two more days. Senior Brother Jiang will then allow you to go out and visit your family.”
“Why wait two more days?” Xiao Li asked. “Senior Brother Jiang told me that I could go home for a visit if I made it to the first stage. I already did that.” Cheng Chou stopped in his tracks. He looked at Xiao Li in disbelief.
“What’s wrong?” Xiao Li was puzzled.
“No… nothing.” Cheng Chou shook his head.
Cheng Chou remembered that a few days ago, Jiang Hao had told him to make preparations for Xiao Li to be taken to her home for a visit. He thought, at the time, that Jiang Hao was letting Xiao Li go home before she accomplished the goal because he felt sorry for her. But now… Cheng Chou wasn’t so sure. Did Jiang Hao already know about her talent?
However, he couldn’t sense whether Xiao Li had actually advanced or not.
Jiang Hao had already guessed that Xiao Li was strong, but even he was surprised at the speed at which she had advanced.
If Xiao Li had tried from the time she got here, it wouldn’t even have taken this long.
Jiang Hao was stunned and envious.
He looked at his own interface. [Lifeblood: 97/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 90/100 (can be cultivated)]
In another month, he would be on par with Liu Xingchen. He just didn’t know how much weaker he was compared to Bai Ye.
However, against the people from the Blackheaven Sect, being at the peak of the Golden Core Realm was not enough.
“Does anyone know that you’ve advanced?” asked Jiang Hao.
“No, I didn’t tell anybody.” Xiao Li shook her head.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Pack your things. I’ll have Cheng Chou take you home for a visit. I’m going to go inform the outer sect manager.”
The sect didn’t pay much attention to outer sect disciples, so Jiang Hao wouldn’t have any problem asking the manager for his permission.
He gave Cheng Chou five spirit stones for the trouble. He also gave him two Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans, some Healing Talismans, and a bunch of other divine talismans.
Cheng Chou looked at the talismans in surprise.
“Senior Brother Jiang, will I be able to see my family in the future too?” asked Xiao Li.
“Of course. Every time you advance to a new stage, I’ll have someone accompany you there.
“When you reach there, can you check on the condition of Xiao Li’s family?”
Cheng Chou was taken aback at the question. “Senior Brother Jiang, do you want me to do something so that Xiao Li can cut off ties with her family more easily?”
Cheng Chou thought Jiang Hao was a kind person. He didn’t realize that he could be ruthless too.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Jiang Hao. “I want you to check on their health so that they can live a little longer. They sound very old.”
Jiang Hao didn’t think of himself as a good person. However, Xiao Li’s concern for her family had moved him. He wanted to help in any way he could..