Chapter 105: A Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao would try to help as much as he was able. Beyond that, he couldn’t do anything.
Before Cheng Chou left, Jiang Hao told him to be careful. If there was anything Cheng Chou couldn’t face, he told him to send Xiao Li to look for help.
Cheng Chou nodded. He had thought about it too and made his own preparations.
However, Cheng Chou thought he would be safe. He hadn’t offended anyone, and he was only at the eighth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. Who would target him anyway?
Jiang Hao returned to his house. He examined the wrist guard. Elder Baizhi had given him the wrist guard.
He had used his Daily Appraisal ability on it. It would take seven days for the power in it to activate.
[A piece from the Nine Heavenly Battle Armors: The ability of the two pieces of armor has been improved. It has a powerful attack support ability. It can hide a Golden Core Realm attack technique. The effect gets stronger when every piece from the set is obtained.]
He wasn’t very clear about it. If he could hide a technique, he would probably Moon-Slaying or Mountain Suppression technique.
Jiang Hao activated the wrist guard. The power seemed to have a suction force that absorbed the power he released.
He used a simple fireball spell. The spell disappeared on the spot, and a mark appeared on the wrist guard.
Jiang Hao extended his hand, and the fireball flew out.
Then, he tried the Demonic Sound Slash. It could also be hidden in the wrist guard. After that, his fingers became blades and attacked.
He tried the same with his other blade, Shiyu. The result was the same.
The treasures Elder Baizhi gave him were too extraordinary. She was very generous since each item from the set of armor could add an extra bonus. The armor was mainly for defense, while the wrist guard was mainly for attack.
‘The reward for raising the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is so generous. If I were to gather all the pieces from the set of Nine Heavenly Battle Armor, how powerful would I be?’
Jiang Hao sighed. He didn’t know how long he could take it. He might not last that long. The Blackheaven Sect had their eyes set on him. His future was uncertain.
After tending to the spirit herbs, he went to the market. He wanted to set up a stall to sell talismans and earn some spirit stones.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re here again,” said Fairy Leng Tian. “Let me see what you have today. Hm… so many Healing Talismans… you even have Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans! Please give me five of each type!”
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao. “That’ll be three hundred spirit stones.” Jiang Hao sighed. Senior Sister Leng was indeed very rich.
“Thank you, Junior Brother Jiang,” she said. “I feel that the quality of the talismans is better than before. You have a real talent when it comes to making talismans. If only I had such talent, I wouldn’t have to buy talismans every time!”
“Junior Brother Jiang, are you in need of medicinal pills? I have a few with me,” said Fairy Leng Tian.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “I don’t really need them at the moment.”
“Such a pity,” she said, “but… that’s alright. I have a lot of pills. If you ever need them, you just have to tell me. I’m going to refine them more.”
“Senior Sister Leng, are you an alchemist?” asked Jiang Hao in disbelief. It was no wonder she was so rich.
Fairy Leng Tian chuckled. “I’m just an amateur right now.” She looked around cautiously. “Junior Brother Jiang, do you have any thoughts on making high-grade talismans?
“What do you mean?” asked Jiang Hao warily.
“I see that you have great talent when it comes to talisman-making. I was just wondering whether you might be interested in a talisman. I could sell it to you for two thousand spirit stones.”
“What talisman is it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I don’t know. We got it by accident when we went out, but it was damaged. It felt… extraordinary. We were afraid that people would think we had stolen the second half, so we didn’t ask others.”
Jiang Hao hesitated briefly. “Could you bring it to the Cliff of Broken Hearts tomorrow?”
Leng Tian smiled and then nodded. “I heard that people from the Blackheaven Sect are arriving soon, Junior Brother Jiang. You have to be careful. This is the first time I have seen anyone in the sect provoke so many people at once.”
Jiang Hao smiled awkwardly and watched Leng Tian leave. He did not want to miss that chance of discovering a powerful talisman.
Things weren’t very good for him right now. The sale of the talismans wasn’t what he expected. He needed to make better talismans to earn more spirit stones.
After selling a few more talismans, Jiang Hao went back to his house. He hadn’t been able to sell too many talismans today, but he had managed to make 2,100 spirit stones in total. That was at least something.
Jiang Hao suddenly remembered that he had never used his Daily Appraisal ability on Leng Tian before. He didn’t believe that she could be a traitor.
If he hadn’t already used his ability on the wrist guard today, he would have appraised Leng Tian.
The next day, Jiang Hao saw Leng Tian walking toward him.
“Junior Brother Jiang, your house is in a very isolated area. I almost couldn’t find it,” said Leng Tian. “Can we talk inside?”
“Of course, Senior Sister Leng,” said Jiang Hao. He wondered if any traitors watching him would find this strange. However, people generally visited each other. So, there was nothing strange about it.
Jiang Hao led Leng Tian inside. She was surprised to see the interior.
Jiang Hao made some tea and served it to her.
“I brought the… thing,” said Leng Tian. She brought out a small wooden box and opened it. There was a broken stone tablet inside with half of the talisman character drawn on it.
The talisman looked complicated, but Jiang Hao didn’t sense any divine intent from it. Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal ability.
[Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman: At noon, when your mind is clear, you can begin drawing the first half of the talisman. You can receive the inheritance and comprehend the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman. Leng Tian and the other seniors obtained this talisman with great difficulty. They almost died in the process.]
Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘A Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman?!’
If there came a time when he couldn’t live in the Heavenly Note Sect anymore, could he use this talisman to escape?
This kind of talisman was very, very rare. It was extremely difficult to create such a talisman. “Could you sell it for a little cheaper?”
“I… uh…” Leng Tian looked troubled. “This doesn’t belong to me alone. We found it as a group. I can’t really make it any cheaper than it already is..”