Chapter 106: Rise Up In Rank
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Then can I offer some talismans instead of spirit stones?” asked Jiang Hao. Leng Tian frowned. “What talismans are you willing to give me?”
“Ten Healing Talismans and ten of Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans,” said Jiang Hao.
“Deal!” said Leng Tian without hesitation.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He really didn’t want to spend all his hard-earned spirit stones on one talisman.
He ended up giving her 1,500 spirit stones, ten Healing Talismans, and ten Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. Jiang Hao was only left with six hundred spirit stones now.
He wondered how much it would cost to make a Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
“Here,” said Leng Tian as she handed him the box with the talisman. “This is yours now, but I have to warn you. This is something that we obtained through painstaking efforts. If it’s useful for you, that’s great! However, if you choose to sell it… please be careful. You might get in trouble.”
“Really?” Jiang Hao pretended to be surprised. “If you obtained it with such difficulty, are you willing to sell it for this price?”
“You look like someone who’ll use it instead of selling it somewhere,” said Leng Tian as she laughed. “Two thousand spirit stones is enough for us. I wouldn’t be worried if it was the whole talisman… but having half of it is… dangerous. So, be careful, Junior Brother Jiang.”
Jiang Hao bowed to her. “Of course. Thank you for the warning, Senior Sister Leng.”
Leng Tian smiled. “I should get going.”
Jiang Hao led her out to the courtyard. The spirit beast was hanging upside down from a tree.
“Junior Brother Jiang, your spirit beast is really extraordinary.” Leng Tian laughed.
Jiang Hao laughed too. The spirit beast was being a nuisance as always.
After that, Leng Tian said goodbye and left.
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment, then decided to go to the Spirit Herb Garden.
He decided to make the talisman today. If he succeeded in making the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman before the Blackheaven Sect arrived, he would have an option for escape.
The ones who came after him would definitely be in the Golden Core Realm. If only he could advance to the peak of the Golden Core Realm, he would have a way out. However, that would be his last resort.
“Master, why are you so popular with women?” asked the spirit beast as it landed back on the ground.
“That’s not true,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao didn’t meet many women. Leng Tian was just here to exchange the talisman for spirit stones. The others had been all traitors.
“Is there a lover among these women?” asked the spirit beast.
“No, there is not,” said Jiang Hao.
“Who is it?”
A red shadow surfaced in Jiang Hao’s mind. He didn’t say anything further.
Although Jiang Hao definitely didn’t love that person, he knew that as long as her Heaven Extinction Gu Poison was in his system, it was impossible for him to feel anything toward other women.
Even if there was a way to remove the poison, he wasn’t sure if he was willing to do it. The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison’s benefits outweighed its disadvantages. He was often reckless and had to depend on that poison to keep him calm. It had helped him out on many occasions. It especially helped him resist bewitching spells.
Jiang Hao shook his head and sighed. Sometimes, he felt that the price he had to pay to survive was far too heavy.
He didn’t think about it anymore. He turned around and returned to his room.
Jiang Hao put away the stone slab, prepared some water and a brush, and began to meditate to calm his mind.
At noon, Jiang Hao sat at his desk. He picked up the brush, dipped it in water, and activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability.
Then, he began to draw.
He remained focused. He was afraid that heid mess it up.
Before this, Jiang Hao had practiced a few times already to get the characters right.
With the help of the ability, Jiang Hao’s hand moved with ease and finally finished the last stroke.
A beam of light radiated from the stone tablet. The light entered his body via the brush he held in his hand.
At this moment, a golden light appeared in his mind. The golden light drew runes in his mind. Every single one was powerful.
Jiang Hao was attentive. He didn’t want to miss anything. When the runes reached completion, Jiang Hao was delighted.
The moment the talisman was formed, the golden light disappeared entirely.
At this point, Jiang Hao had memorized the entire talisman.
The stone tablet on the desk cracked with a crisp sound.
Jiang Hao was surprised, but not for long. He knew that the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman needed many materials like a Golden Core Realm spirit beast’s skin, beast’s blood, and a talisman brush made out of Golden Core Realm materials.
Jiang Hao put everything away and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He collected some bubbles and then headed to the market to buy some materials.
It cost him a total of five hundred spirit stones for the materials. It was surprisingly expensive.
Fortunately, with the materials he had bought, he could practice the talisman at least ten more times.
He only had one hundred spirit stones left. Jiang Hao sighed. The spirit stones he had just earned were gone just like that!
Jiang Hao returned to his house and practiced drawing the talisman once again. He didn’t use any spiritual energy for now. He only practiced the strokes.
After a while, Jiang Hao sat at his desk again. When he started making it, he realized that it consumed a lot of spiritual energy.
When his spiritual energy was exhausted, he could no longer continue. The beast’s skin burned on the spot. It was another failure.
Jiang Hao was too exhausted to continue.
The next day, Jiang Hao was just planning to head to the Spirit Herb Garden when he met Liu Xingchen.
He looked very serious. Jiang Hao knew that something bad was coming.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’ve been restricted from moving out of the sect,” said Liu Xingchen gravely. “The Blackheaven Sect will be here in fifteen days.”
Jiang Hao bowed and thanked him for the information. Liu Xingchen seemed to speak less when the matter was serious. Jiang Hao had noticed that about him.
He guessed that he was chosen to be the scapegoat to take the fall for the sect. Jiang Hao said goodbye to Liu Xingchen and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
He collected some bubbles and tended to the spirit herbs.
Even Mu Qi seemed worried about him. “Junior Brother Jiang, are you still tending to the herbs? Maybe you should go meet the Cliff Master..
Jiang Hao thanked him, but he knew it was useless. He wasn’t a True Disciple, so the help his master could provide was… limited.
Mu Qi knew this too.
For the next few days, Jiang Hao continued to tend to spirit herbs in the Spirit Herb Garden during the day and tried to make talismans at night.
He failed for seven consecutive days. After that, he rested for three days straight.
During these ten days, Miao Tinglian watched as Jiang Hao quietly tended to the spirit herbs and cleaned up the Spirit Herb Garden.
She turned to Mu Qi. “If Junior Brother Jiang is allowed to live in safety and peace, he’ll rise up in rank. He’s going to face a great crisis in just five days, yet he seems so calm..”