Chapter 107: Moving In Together
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I went to meet my master to help Junior Brother Jiang, but he didn’t say anything,” said Mu Qi. “Master wanted to take in Junior Brother Jiang as a disciple but with the Law Enforcement Hall’s investigation… It’s a little troublesome to help him now. It seems some people want to use him as a scapegoat.”
The Blackheaven Sect also wanted to punish someone to save its reputation. It seemed that both sects had agreed to choose someone as a sacrifice.
“What will happen to Junior Brother Jiang?” asked Miao Tinglian.
Mu Qi frowned. “I’m not sure. Maybe the Blackheaven Sect will take him away.
If he isn’t taken away by them, he’ll likely end up in the Lawless Tower.”
Miao Tinglian was shocked at that. ‘The Lawless Tower?!’
“How cruel!” she said. “I remember you saying that all those who had any kind of grudges against Junior Brother Jiang are dead… Maybe the people from the Blackheaven Sect will end up dead this time too.”
Mu Qi glanced at her. “It’s not the same thing.”
They fell silent.
“Does your master know about our… relationship?” asked Miao Tinglian.
“Why do you ask?” asked Mu Qi.
“If he does, I can just move in with you. As long as I don’t create any problems in a year, I’ll be accepted into the sect without conditions anyway.”
Mu Qi’s silence angered Miao Tinglian.
“Why aren’t you saying anything? We secretly had an affair in the past, and you were so eager. Now that I defected from my sect to be with you, and you suddenly despise me? Are you dating someone else?”
Mu Qi sighed. “If you make our relationship public, it’ll be used against us.”
“I’m just asking to move in with you… I won’t cause any trouble.”
Mu Qi nodded. “Don’t go back on your word.”
Jiang Hao had just arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden when he saw Mu Qi and Miao Tinglian leaving the garden.
Ever since Senior Sister Miao had joined the sect, Senior Brother Mu Qi had changed. He seemed to have softened a bit.
If Miao Tinglian turned out to be a traitor, everything would fall apart. He wondered what Mu Qi would do then.
However, Miao Tinglian didn’t seem to have any intention of bringing down the sect for now. She had come here for Mu Qi and had paid a heavy price in doing so.
Jiang Hao felt that it was really difficult to be in a demonic sect with human emotions. Nowhere was safe.
Mu Qi and Miao Tinglian both had been treating Jiang Hao well these past few days. Maybe both were grateful to Jiang Hao because he had brought her into the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao collected some bubbles and returned to his house. Jiang Hao ate a spirit-gathering pill and then activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability. He realized that this wasn’t enough.
He used the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability too.
When the ability ran out of energy, the pill would replenish it, while he focused on making the talisman. This was the only way to maintain an uninterrupted flow.
If he failed again even after this, then there was no chance for him to master the talisman. He only had three pieces of beast skin talisman paper.
That night, Jiang Hao sat at his desk. 1–1e ate the pill and activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability.
He raised his brush and then activated the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability.
Jiang Hao then began to draw. Every stroke was done carefully by filling it with just enough spiritual energy. His hand was steady, and his mind was clear.
After a while, the energy provided by the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit reached its limit. The pill replenished his energy at that time.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao was still at it. His forehead was covered in beads of sweat. His spiritual energy was about to be exhausted. At the last moment, he finished it.
However, the moment he was done with it, the beast’s skin caught fire and the talisman was destroyed.
‘I failed again?!’ Jiang Hao was confused. He had prepared meticulously this time. He had done everything right. ‘How did I fail?’
He retraced every step he had taken. ‘Is it because I didn’t do it at noon?’
Jiang Hao tried again at noon the next day. There were only two days left. He was running out of time.
Jiang Hao couldn’t even go anywhere else. He had to wait to be summoned by the sect.
The Heavenly Note Sect also wanted to solve the matter with the Blackheaven Sect without any problems. The sect wasn’t taking any chances because they weren’t dealing with something like Azure Mountain this time.
The Blackheaven Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, and the Sunset Immortal Sect were very powerful. If the negotiation failed, the three sects would band together and attack the Heavenly Note Sect. No one wanted that to happen. Therefore, they had chosen a disciple to act as a peace offering.
Jiang Hao understood why they had chosen him, but he still felt despair. He sat at his desk and tried again.
He used the same method. He ate a pill and activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability.
Jiang Hao then activated the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability and picked up his brush.
He began drawing.
At this moment, he was on fire. His mind was clear, and he was focused. A beam of light emanated from the talisman brush and entered his body.
He had an inexplicable joy. His body, his heart, and his mind were in perfect harmony.
The light became brighter and there was a gentle wind in the room. Jiang Hao put down the last stroke. The moment he did that, his spiritual energy was devoured rapidly.
Pain spread throughout his body and mind. If he hadn’t taken precautions, he would have fallen to the ground unconscious. Fortunately, it didn’t last long.
The talisman flashed once and returned to normal.
Jiang Hao was gripping the side of his chair, sweating profusely. He covered his face in his hands. ‘It’s too exhausting… I can’t continue…’
A Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman was terrifying to make.
He took a break. When he was able to get up again, he used the Daily Appraisal on the talisman he had just finished creating.
[Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman: Inferior. Ignores all spells and barriers. Randomly teleports to any place within 700 miles to 1,000 miles. Can be activated directly with blood or spiritual energy. Cannot be interrupted.]
Jiang Hao was surprised. The talisman was impressive. ‘This talisman is worth more than two thousand spirit stones…’
It only worked within a seven hundred to one thousand miles radius, so the price might be a little less for this particular talisman. However, it wasn’t bad. Seven hundred miles was still far enough.
As long as he wasn’t caught, this talisman could give him a head start. He had to stay alert..