Chapter 108: Preparing To Defect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At noon the next day, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged in the courtyard. He looked at the spirit beast jumping around as it chased a butterfly.
Tomorrow was the day when the Blackheaven Sect would arrive. He had just recovered his strength and had also stored two attacks in his wrist guard. He had chosen Moon- Slaying and Mountain Suppression. Those were his two powerful attack techniques.
As for the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman, he couldn’t make another. He was too exhausted to use two abilities at the same time.
One was enough for now. After he advanced further, he might have a chance of making another of that talisman.
“Master, will you come back home tomorrow?” The spirit beast looked at Jiang Hao strangely.
Jiang Hao didn’t know how to answer that question. Nothing was certain. There was a high chance that he might not really come back here. He neither wanted to be taken away to the Blackheaven Sect nor did he want to be thrown into the Lawless Tower.
If he was thrown into the Lawless Tower, he would lose all his cultivation. It was better to just run away. He didn’t have a choice before, but now he did. He had a Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman! Jiang Hao wished he could advance quickly.
He looked at his interface.
[Lifeblood: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 96/100 (can be cultivated)]
If only he could advance to the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm, he would have a chance.
“Master, I plan to go down the mountain tomorrow,” said the spirit beast.
“Why?” Jiang Hao asked.
“My friends think it is the right time for me to embark on the path to becoming a great demon,” said the spirit beast righteously.
Jiang Hao was glad that the beast wouldn’t be here if he didn’t come back.
As for other things…
Jiang Hao looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He couldn’t take it with him, so he decided to leave it behind. He felt a little sentimental.
Jiang Hao had spent much of his life being careful and trying to stay safe. In the end, nothing even mattered.
In the afternoon, Han Ming came to meet him. He was there to challenge Jiang Hao to a fight.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He agreed. It only took two slashes to defeat Han Ming.
“Thank you for going easy on me, Junior Brother Han,” said Jiang Hao and bowed.
Jiang Hao had wanted to go easy on Han Ming, but he decided against it at the last minute. He was going through so much and Han Ming wanted a fight! He was really annoying.
Han Ming looked at Jiang Hao. He then turned around and left.
After that, no one disturbed Jiang Hao. There was not one person in this sect he was close with. He knew many people, but they avoided him.
Jiang Hao didn’t seek out anyone because he didn’t want to make their lives difficult.
The only person he was remotely close to was Cheng Chou. However, Cheng Chou wasn’t here today. He had gone with Xiao Li to her house.
‘Xiao Li…’
Jiang Hao didn’t know what would happen to her. He hoped for her to be safe.
The next day, Jiang Hao woke up early. Today was the day.He was not in a hurry to meet the Blackheaven Sect. He watered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower for the last time.
He was not in a hurry to meet the Blackheaven Sect. He watered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower for the last time.
After a while, Liu Xingchen visited him. “Junior Brother Jiang…”
‘Finally…
Jiang Hao understood why he was here. He walked out of the courtyard to meet him.
“You seem very calm,” said Liu Xingchen as they walked.
Jiang Hao smiled but didn’t say anything. It wasn’t like he had any other choice.
This whole world was too brutal. Anyone could be sacrificed to fulfill a common interest. The world was driven by personal interest, not justice.
“Everything might go smoothly…” Liu Xingchen looked at him. “Your master is also going to be present. He might speak up for you.”
Jiang Hao nodded and thanked him. He had made it to the top ten disciples list. That had its own advantages and disadvantages.
The advantages were that, as one of the top ten disciples, he could go to the Lawless Tower to cultivate, he had received the Immortal Peach Tree, and the Law Enforcement Hall couldn’t lock him up.
The disadvantages were almost fatal.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re in the middle stage of Foundation Establishment Realm, right?” Liu Xingchen suddenly asked.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“If you’re taken to the Lawless Tower… the people managing it are usually in the late stage or the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, ” said Liu Xingchen. “I… can’t interfere. Usually, if those people can’t handle something, then someone in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm will be sent to handle it. Or, if it is even more serious, then someone at the peak stage would be sent to investigate. There was a person who betraved the sect and someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm captured him. I couldn’t interfere even if I wanted to.”
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. Was Liu Xingchen telling him that if he tried to flee, only those in the Foundation Establishment Realm would be sent to capture him?
If they didn’t succeed, then others would be sent to handle the matter…
Knowing Liu Xingchen, he was probably bored and wanted a good show, but still, Jiang Hao was grateful.
“Where are we going?” Jiang Hao asked.
Liu Xingchen led Jiang Hao to a mountain peak in front of the sect.
“The Blackheaven Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, and the Sunset Immortal Sect don’t want to enter the sect. They plan to talk outside.”
Jiang Hao could see the plaza below and some cultivation sites. There were mountains and fields as far as his eyes could see. He also saw some people there.
It seemed people were waiting for the negotiation to be completed. Maybe some people just wanted a good show.
Jiang Hao waited patiently. He saw some figures approaching from the sky. There were thirteen of them.
When they got closer, Jiang Hao was surprised to find that he couldn’t see the cultivation of the others except for one young man who was at the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm.
At this moment, three people from the Heavenly Note Sect also arrived. A beautiful woman, a middle-aged man, and a very old man.
“The first is the Peak Master of the Misty Cloud Peak, Senior Qingyan. You already know about the Cliff Master, Ku Wu Chang. The third is an elder from the Law Enforcement Hall,” said Liu Xingchen. “Senior Qingyan will lead this negotiation. ”
Jiang Hao nodded.
Soon, the thirteen experts stood outside the entrance of the Heavenly Note Sect. Their leader was an old man who stood at the front, with two middle-aged men on either side.
Both sides bowed in greeting. The negotiation began.
Jiang Hao lowered his head and listened attentively..