Chapter 109: Drawing A Saber
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I am Yang Huo of the Blackheaven Sect.” The man in the lead introduced himself.
“I’m Chi Yuan from the Wind Lightning Sect.”
“I’m Xin Dong of the Sunset Immortal Sect.”
Senior Qingyan smiled at them. “Not a single big shot is here.”
“Yes, but we have been given the authority to conclude this… negotiation. I hope that is enough for the Heavenly Note Sect,” said Yang Huo haughtily.
“Then… Do you agree with our conditions?” asked Senior Qingyan.
The Heavenly Note Sect didn’t want another war at the moment. They had just finished fighting Azure Mountain. If they had to fight these three sects together, they would be at a disadvantage.
If the negotiation failed, both sides would suffer.
“We can agree to spirit stones, magic treasures, and pills, but we can’t give you the cultivation techniques and spells,” said Yang Huo. “However, we’ll replenish the spirit herbs, pills, and spirit stones. We’ll give you whatever you need.”
Senior Qingyan and the others were surprised.
“Do the others agree to that too?” asked the elder from the Law Enforcement Hall.
“Yes,” said Xin Dong. “Whatever you want, but we do have a small condition.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. ‘Here it comes…’
The condition they had would probably be something to do with him. This was the moment of truth.
“What condition is that?” asked Qingyan.
“One of our disciples died at the hands of your sect’s disciple. The disciple who died is an important person. The sect wants her avenged. We are prepared to pay anything to get that murderer,” said Xin Dong.
“Who are you talking about?” Senior Qingyan asked.
“Jiang Hao of the Cliff of Broken Hearts,” said Xin Dong.
Some appeared surprised, while others already knew about the matter. Jiang Hao knew that some people weren’t happy because he had made it to the top ten.
Jiang Hao remained silent. He didn’t think it was wise to speak up.
“Do you want to take him away or do you want him dead?” asked Ku Wu Chang.
“Both,” said Xin Dong.
Xin Dong really wanted to take Jiang Hao away with him to the Sunset Immortal Sect. As for Jiang Hao’s fate there, that was still undecided, but it wouldn’t be anything pleasant.
“No,” said Ku Wu Chang. “I am the Cliff Master and the Cliff of Broken Hearts will not hand Jiang Hao over.”
That surprised Xin Dong and the others. They weren’t the only ones. Even Senior Qingyan was surprised.
“If you aren’t willing to offer anything in exchange, why do you make such demands?” asked Xin Dong indignantly.
Yang Huo of the Blackheaven Sect smiled. “Don’t tell me the Heavenly Note Sect hopes to rob us. You’re not willing to hand over even one person, but you want everything in return. Do you think we’re afraid of you? If you’re not willing to hand him over, at least cripple him, so he can’t cause any more harm and pay for his crimes. He shouldn’t be allowed to cultivate for the rest of his life. Tomorrow, we’ll hand over the spirit stones and resources you’ve asked of us, but you have to cripple him in front of us. The most outstanding disciple of the Blackheaven Sect was captured because of him, we can’t just let him go around like nothing happened.”
“No,” said Ku Wu Chang again.
“Then there is nothing to talk about,” said Chi Yuan.
“In that case, why are we still standing here?” Yang Huo and the others planned to leave.
“Since the Heavenly Note Sect doesn’t uphold their end of the bargain, this negotiation is over,” said Xin Dong.
“Why are you all in such a hurry?” Senior Qingyan asked. “Let’s talk it out properly. You can reduce the amount of resources by 20%. As for Jiang Hao, he seems to have offended all of you. We can’t hand him over to all of you at the same time. What if we punish him ourselves?”
“How?” Yang Huo asked.
In order to appease their anger, the Heavenly Note Sect had to punish the person, no matter how outstanding he was.
The Heavenly Note Sect didn’t care about their reputation, but they did care about resources.
“We’ll have him thrown into the Lawless Tower where his cultivation will be stripped to nothing before having him thrown out of the sect,” said Senior Qingyan. “Will that be enough?”
The negotiation couldn’t fail. It would be disastrous if it did.
“I heard that he stabbed our sect’s disciple in the neck when he killed her,” said Xin Dong. “I’ll agree to your proposition if you let me stab him. Let him feel the same pain. After that, whether he lives or dies will be none of our concern.”
Ku Wu Chang frowned, but he didn’t say anything.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He didn’t blame his master for not speaking up this time. He was an ordinary inner sect disciple who had been involved with too many traitors. His master didn’t owe him anything, after all. He had already supported him twice.
If he had to enter the Lawless Tower tomorrow, Jiang Hao would flee tonight.
After that, too many people would be chasing him. There would be no more peaceful days for him. However, Jiang Hao didn’t have any other choice.
Hundred Flowers Lake.
Hong Yuye stood under the pavilion, dressed in red. She looked into the distance.
Today was a clear day with a gentle breeze. It was relaxing. The wind scattered the fragrance of the flowers.
At that moment, a white figure landed outside the pavilion.
“Sect Master,” said Baizhi. “The people from the other sects have arrived. They agreed to our condition, but they have their own conditions as well. They want Jiang Hao from the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Cliff Master Ku Wu Chang had rejected their requests so far, so our sect also reduced the requirements by 20%. However, Jiang Hao is to be thrown into the Lawless Tower and then exiled from the sect. The Blackheaven Sect and the Sunset Immortal Sect seem to agree with it. The Wind Lightning Sect doesn’t care much.”
“Do the people from the Blackheaven Sect agree to that as well?” Hong Yuye asked calmly.
“The Blackheaven Sect hadn’t said anything yet, but the person from the Sunset Immortal Sect wants to stab Jiang Hao to avenge the traitor who was killed.”
Hong Yuye nodded. “It’s what they would want since they have suffered a heav) loss. The more the Cliff Master refuses, the more excited they will become.”
Hong Yuye walked to the flowers. Her steps were light and graceful. Her dress trailed behind. She walked a few steps and then stopped.
Baizhi felt that something was wrong. Hong Yuye bent down a little and reached among the flowers. She slowly pulled out a saber from the flowers. It was covered in cracks.
Baizhi felt fear.
“Baizhi,” said Hong Yuye.
“Yes?” Baizhi knelt.
However, the next words confused Baizhi.
“What do you think of this saber?” asked Hong Yuye as she stared at the silver saber..