Chapter 110: One Slash From The Saber Terrifies The Entire Heavenly Note Sect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Hong Yuye held the silver-white saber. She looked at it and asked Baizhi about it.
Baizhi was puzzled. She observed the saber that was about to shatter. “The saber… is usually used by those in the Foundation Establishment Realm. However, it looks like it’s going to shatter any minute. I don’t think it can be used anymore.”
Hong Yuye nodded. “You’re right. It can’t be used anymore.”
She walked to the edge of the pavilion with the saber in hand. The wind ruffled her dress. The flowers swayed around her.
“I recall that you used to like blades,” said Hong Yuye.
Baizhi nodded. “But you told me sabers weren’t suitable for me. I am grateful. Without you, I wouldn’t be here today.” Baizhi had achieved so much because Hong Yuye had nurtured her talents.
Only with Hong Yuye’s direction, Baizhi had managed to reach where she was. She had even proved herself enough to become the Acting Sect Master.
“I remember that you used to learn the Moon-Slaying technique?” Hong Yuye said.
“Yes.” Baizhi nodded. She didn’t know why Hong Yuye was asking about this so suddenly.
Hong Yuye raised the saber and caressed the blade gently. “I know you. You are obsessed with learning new things. Although you’ve let it go, you always wanted to know how it feels to master the Luna Shadow technique. Am I right?”
Baizhi felt a little ashamed that she had given up learning different saber techniques. She nodded. “Yes. There were some things I absolutely wanted to master.”
“Then open your eyes wide and watch.” Hong Yuye swung the saber. It seemed to dance in her hands.
Hong Yuye shone like a bright moon illuminating the earth. The pure white light left a shadow under the scorching sun. Then, she swung the Half-Moon Blade.
Hong Yuye moved with the saber. The sharp blade could cut through everything in its path.
Under the sunlight, the shadow of the moon bloomed, as if all light was concentrated on it.
Baizhi was in a daze, then she saw the direction where Hong Yuye meant to slash in. She felt terrified. This was…
Hong Yuye was aiming for the ones from the Blackheaven Sect and the others!
“Tomorrow, I will stab him in front of Lawless Tower and watch him enter the tower,” said Xin Dong. “If you agree to that, we’re willing to give you all the resources you asked for.” He wanted to make Jiang Hao pay for his actions.
“The Blackheaven Sect agrees to it, although we will only pay the 20% reduced resources as discussed before. We also want to witness Jiang Hao enter the Lawless Tower,” said Yang Huo.
Chi Yuan did not speak.
Senior Qingyan felt that it was fair. Just as she was about to nod in agreement, she felt a chill run down her spine. She turned around.
A bright moon suddenly appeared in the depths of the Heavenly Note Sect. The moonlight cut through the void and headed toward them.
The sharp and bright moon was the only thing in their vision.
In the blink of an eye, the moonlight flew past them. A terrifying chill spread through the world. They were frozen in fear.
The bright, razor-sharp light slashed toward Yang Huo and the others.
Yang Huo stared at it in disbelief. “How dare you? Are you trying to start a war?”
They defended themselves. However, their efforts were futile. The light passed through all defenses and all protective magical treasures.
“The Heavenly Note Sect is really shameless. You actually dare…”
Whoosh.
The slash of moonlight passed by the terrified Yang Ho and Xin Dong and caught up to Chi Yuan, who was fleeing with the others.
This blade was like a gust of wind. It was almost intangible.
Among the thirteen people, only one in the Golden Core Realm survived. He cried in fear but realized that he was fine. Twelve people spat blood and collapsed. They had been beheaded.
The entire Heavenly Note Sect fell silent.
Baizhi knelt in fear. The Sect Master personally taking action could only mean that she, as an Acting Sect Master, hadn’t done her job well.
Hong Yuye buried the saber among the flowers again. She looked at Baizhi. “Send a message to the Blackeaven Sect. Tell them that if they want to negotiate, they should send someone who is more sincere next time. Also, send the prisoner to the Lawless Tower for five days. If they don’t send someone who is sincere the next time, their captive won’t be released from the Lawless Tower.”
Hong Yuye walked back to the pavilion in the center. “You may leave.”
“Understood, Sect master,” said Baizhi.
Only at this moment did Baizhi understand Jiang Hao’s significance. Perhaps no one could plant and raise the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower except him. She should never have allowed Jiang Hao to be brought to the limelight.
Baizhi was still confused. The Sect Master clearly didn’t seem to care about Jiang Hao and still…
Baizhi didn’t dare ask. She left.
After Baizhi left, Hong Yuye pressed her fingers to her lips and coughed softly. She seemed a bit unwell.
Outside the Heavenly Note Sect, Senior Qingyan and the others broke out into cold sweats. If the blade had hit them…
Their hearts were filled with fear and respect.
A white shadow descended from the sky. It was Elder Baizhi from the Hundred Flowers Lake.
Senior Qingyan, Ku Wu Chang, and the elder from the Law Enforcement Hall bowed in respect.
Baizhi ignored them all. She looked at the only surviving member of the convoy.
“Are you from the Blackheaven Sect?” she asked.
“Y-Yes,” said the young man who was in the Golden Core Realm.
“Go back to your sect and tell your people to show some sincerity next time. If not, don’t dare approach this sect at all. You’ll be thrown into the Lawless
Tower with no chance of escape if you pull something like this again. Leave.” The person scrambled away from the Heavenly Note Sect.
Baizhi looked at Senior Qingyan and the others. “Sect Master isn’t out of seclusion yet, but the twelve branches shouldn’t stoop lower in her absence. Those who refuse will have to abdicate, or I’ll help them fall from power.” Baizhi then turned around and left.
Jiang Hao was stunned. He hadn’t expected this outcome even in his wildest dream.
“Was it Elder Baizhi who did that?” he asked.
“Do you really think so, Junior Brother Jiang?” asked Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao shook his head. It didn’t seem like it. Senior Qingyan and the others wouldn’t have been that terrified if it was Elder Baizhi.
There was only one other person in the Heavenly Note Sect who was more terrifying than Elder Baizhi herself.
That was the Sect Master. The Heavenly Note Demoness..