Chapter 111: The Sudden Appearance Of The Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was silent on the way back. Some people bumped into him and told him that he was lucky.
He thought so too.
The Sect Master had been in seclusion for so long, but she suddenly made a move. Jiang Hao recalled that when Elder Baizhi had given him the armor, she had mentioned that the reward was from someone else.
‘Was it the Sect Master who sent the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to me?’ It was only a guess that Jiang Hao had no way of confirming.
Jiang Hao decided that it didn’t matter. He couldn’t afford to offend the Sect Master or Elder Baizhi.
He returned to his courtyard. Liu Xingchen told him that he was no longer under surveillance. He couldn’t leave the sect because of the matter with the Law Enforcement Hall, but there was no other restriction on him.
Jiang Hao fell onto the wooden chair. He took out the Thousand Miles
Teleportation Talisman from his pocket. He couldn’t believe that he didn’t need it anymore.
Jiang Hao realized that he was not strong enough. He got up and began to clean his courtyard. It wasn’t dirty, but he needed to get his mind off of things.
Now that the matter had been solved, he slowly calmed down. He had prepared so many things and imagined all kinds of scenarios. He had been on edge. Suddenly, he was safe again.
He saw that his fingers were trembling slightly. His knowledge and strength were far inferior to the ones he had met today.
Suddenly, a fragrance wafted in the air. It was not the smell of the flowers he had in his courtyard.
He turned to look. He found someone sitting at the wooden table in his courtyard. She sat there casually and watched the Immortal peach tree.
Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao was surprised. He hadn’t expected her to visit today. He had assumed she would have tried to find him after he escaped.
“Why are you surprised? Are you still not familiar with the scent of my body?” asked Hong Yuye.
“It’s not that” Jiang Hao lowered his head. “I… The fragrance is different. It’s a mix of many flowers. ”
He was just telling the truth, but his heart raced. Since the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison had no effect when he faced her, he could only rely on his own mind.
Fortunately, he did not make a fool of himself.
Hong Yuye sat quietly by the table. The wind rustled the leaves on the tree.
Jiang Hao eventually calmed down.
“Take care of my flower and follow me to the nearby town when I come to get you,” said Hong Yuye. “Otherwise, you’ll not be able to handle my fury.”
Jiang Hao saw her turn into a red shadow and disappear. He was puzzled. She hadn’t even inspected the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower like she usually did.
Jiang Hao looked at his hands. They weren’t trembling anymore. He took a deep breath and congratulated himself on surviving another day.
He needed to discuss with Liu Xingchen the matter of visiting the nearby town.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to face Hong Yuye’s anger.
At noon, the spirit beast returned home.
“Didn’t you leave the mountain?” Jiang Hao sat on the wooden chair.
The spirit beast shook his head nonchalantly. “I came back. In the future, when
I finally decide to go, you should follow me, Master.”
Jiang Hao smiled but didn’t say anything. He wasn’t sure why the beast had decided to return. It was full of lies on the best of days, after all.
“Master, will you eat people in the future?” asked the spirit beast. “1 passed by a place on the way down the mountain today. A man threatened to eat a woman. She seemed to be… begging. When he told her to go, he seemed… upset. I couldn’t understand.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He thought of Hong Yuye for no reason at all.
“Don’t eavesdrop on other people,” said Jiang Hao.
“I just heard it… accidentally. I wasn’t meaning to!”
The Heavenly Note Sect was still a little conservative. Who would do such a thing in broad daylight?
‘Maybe the Heavenly Joy Pavilion…’
“Then… the man was eaten by the woman. Or at least she was trying to. His mouth was in her mouth. His innards were all scattered on the ground…” The spirit beast looked at Jiang Hao. ‘Master, you should be careful. Don’t let a
woman eat you.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. ‘What in the hell did it actually see?’
“Did she see you?” he asked.
The spirit beast shook its head.
Jiang Hao nodded. If what the beast said was true, then a woman might have killed someone.
If it was a disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect, then it wouldn’t be long before the Law Enforcement Hall intervened.
However, who would dare to kill someone in the Heavenly Note Sect?
Jiang Hao was worried that the person might be hiding something. According to Liu Xingchen, the Law Enforcement Hall might use the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror to catch the murderer. If that happened, he would get in trouble too.
Jiang Hao decided to visit Liu Xingchen soon. He wanted to find out if the Law Enforcement Hall had found new leads on the murders, and also ask him if he could leave the sect to visit a nearby town.
He wasn’t in a hurry. He would advance in a few days and would become stronger.
The next day, Jiang Hao stood at the entrance of his courtyard. From today, he decided to resume his daily routine. He also needed to earn spirit stones. When he arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao realized that Cheng Chou had been away for more than half a month. He didn’t know when he would return.
“Good morning, Junior Brother Jiang,” Miao Tinglian. She had been helping out
in the garden. She had been in the process of planting a bunch of spirit herbs.
“Good morning, Senior Sister Miao,” said Jiang Hao politely.
Miao Tinglian looked genuinely happy to see him, but he didn’t know if she had any ulterior motives.
“Junior Brother Jiang, are you free right now? I have something to ask you,” she said. “It’s related to Senior Brother Mu Qi..”