Chapter 112: Her Heart Is Full Of Love
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao tended to a medicinal herb as he listened to Miao Tinglian talk. “Junior Brother Jiang, your method of handling that is acceptable, but it doesn’t help the root,” said Miao Tinglian. “You have to find some Blue Lotus leaves and bury them around the herbs. That way, you can prevent them from withering away.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. She did know a lot about spirit herbs. He thanked her.
“What did you want to ask about Senior Brother Mu Qi?”
Miao Tinglian’s face turned serious. “Junior Brother Jiang, are you familiar with
Senior Brother Mu Qi?”
“I’m only an inner sect disciple, so I rarely get to meet True Disciples,” said Jiang Hao.
“Then… have you ever seen Senior Brother Mu Qi with other senior or junior women?” she asked.
‘Wow… she is so straightforward,’ thought Jiang Hao.
“No,” he said.
“Ah… me neither,” she said.
However, she had sought him out last night, but he just wanted to cultivate. He wasn’t like that in the past at all.
“Is there anything else that’s different about him?” she asked.
“How so?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Was he injured or something?” asked Miao Tinglian.
Jiang Hao told her how Mu Qi had gotten injured once in the mines.
Miao Tinglian then stood up. “Junior Brother Jiang, you should be careful if a woman approaches you. The Law Enforcement Hall has already found a man dead. They are trying to investigate the matter. If you encounter any difficulty in the future, you can tell me. I’ll help you,” she said before turning around and leaving.
Jiang Hao was stunned. Maybe Miao Tinglian wasn’t a traitor, after all.
Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal on her receding figure.
[Miao Tinglian: One of the Saintesses of the Heavenly Saint Sect. In the intermediate stage of the Golden Core Realm. Extremely talented. She defected from her sect and joined the Cliff of Broken Hearts to avoid being captured by the Heavenly Saint Sect. Troubled by Mu Qi and concerned about him. She wants to check on his injuries. She wants to help you because you brought her to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Since you have no grudge against Mu Qi and seem to be friendly with him, she is just happy to help you in any way she can.]
‘She’s actually a good person?’ Jiang Hao didn’t know how to feel about that. He noticed that she was willing to help him because he had no grudges against Mu Qi. If he happened to be on Mu Qi’s bad side…
Jiang Hao definitely didn’t want to get on her bad side.
Someone who was a Saintess and had defected to join another sect…
A person like that was extraordinary. It was just that her heart was full of love, and it led her to do the craziest things.
She had left everything behind for Mu Qi. If Mu Qi abandoned her…
Jiang Hao didn’t want to imagine how terrifying she could become.
Jiang Hao shook his head in disbelief. Hopefully, Mu Qi wouldn’t do something like that.
However, meeting a woman like Miao Tinglian wasn’t necessarily a good thing in a demonic sect. It was too difficult to survive, let alone protect someone else.
With Jiang Hao’s current strength, he couldn’t protect anyone else, no matter how much he cared for them. If, for some reason, he needed to flee, he would be putting his partner in danger too.
It was better to be alone.
He then thought about what Miao Tinglian had said. The Law Enforcement Hall hadn’t been able to catch the person who had killed a man recently.
This surprised Jiang Hao. The person might be really dangerous. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have so casually killed someone else in the sect.
Jiang Hao walked around the garden to make sure the spirit herbs were all growing well. A thud came from behind. He turned to see a young girl fall to the ground.
“S- Sorry.” The young girl knelt in front of Jiang Hao.
He noticed that her face was pale, and she was wobbly on her feet. She was probably overworked.
“That’s alright. You can take a rest in a corner if you want,” said Jiang Hao. She looked up at him in disbelief. “Thank you, Senior.”
She must be around fourteen or fifteen years of age. She wasn’t a cultivator. She was just an ordinary person.
Usually, people joined the Heavenly Note Sect in three ways. Either they were sold, robbed, or born here as slaves.
The young girl must have arrived at the Cliff of Broken Hearts just recently. Jiang Hao didn’t understand why she was so overworked.
He looked around at the people in the Spirit Herb Garden. Most of them were missing.
He asked around and found out that some had transferred to other gardens to help. There were fewer people in the Spirit Herb Garden than there used to be.
Jiang Hao frowned. The Law Enforcement Hall didn’t care about the disappearances of common people.
It was a pity that Cheng Chou wasn’t around. Otherwise, he would have paid extra attention to any changes in the Spirit Herb Garden.
Jiang Hao called the spirit beast to him and instructed it to scout the garden.
He then sent someone to the outer Dart of the Cliff of Broken Hearts to get
some outer sect disciples to help around in the garden temporarily.
He hadn’t paid much attention to the Spirit Herb Garden these days because of the matter with the Blackheaven Sect. Otherwise, this wouldn’t have happened. The spirit beast bounded back to find him. “Master, I found something!” “So fast?” Jiang Hao followed the beast outside.
He walked along the main road and soon reached an area where the non-cultivators people mostly lived. He saw a middle-aged man lying on the ground.
“His lifeblood is weak. He doesn’t seem to be conscious and doesn’t look like he’s overworked either. He looks… sick.”
Jiang Hao squatted down to check. He examined the person on the ground. The man had a high fever.
“Senior?!” The man panicked.
“It’s alright… have you seen anything strange around here in recent days?” asked Jiang Hao.
The man told him of a dream he had. He saw a woman trying to seduce him. Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘What kind of spell is that?’
He couldn’t understand why the woman was targeting common people. They couldn’t even cultivate. The common people were mostly tasked with menial jobs. It was a harsh world for them. This was a demonic sect, after all..