Chapter 113: Bewitching Men To Death
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the evening, Jiang Hao was practicing his saber techniques in the courtyard.
He was just practicing some moves and didn’t infuse the saber with any power.
The Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade also talked about some saber techniques which weren’t really for fighting. Instead, the moves helped familiarize the person with the saber and were useful while cultivating.
After a while, he sat down on the ground and started refining his saber.
The spirit beast hadn’t returned yet. Jiang Hao had asked it to look around and find some information on what was going on.
The girl in the Spirit Herb Garden and the sick man were all the confirmation Jiang Hao needed to know that the next target for the culprit was the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
The matter had nothing to do with Jiang Hao, but he knew it would affect the Spirit Herb Garden too. It would become impossible for people to work there if he ignored the problem.
It was not easy to find people to work in the garden. The situation would get worse if Jiang Hao couldn’t find the reason for it.
Jiang Hao looked up at the full moon that hung high in the sky. ‘It’s great that I can still stay here and cultivate…’
It hadn’t been easy going through everything with the Blackheaven Sect, the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, and the Sunset Immortal Sect. For now, Bai Ye also had no reason to attack him.
There were fewer traitors than before. It was the right time for him to cultivate and advance. Nobody could cause trouble for now. Yet, someone had attacked the DeoDle in the SDirit Herb Garden.
Whoosh!
A white figure suddenly barged into the courtyard.
“Master, I found something!” The spirit beast ran to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao lifted his saber. “Lead the way.”
If the culprit was stronger than him, he would quietly retreat. He would approach Liu Xingchen and ask him for help. He didn’t want to cause any trouble.
The spirit beast ran at a speed.
After a while, they reached the edge of the forest.
“Over there.” The spirit beast pointed at a middle-aged man outside the forest.
“Is that the one you saw before?
Jiang Hao quietly approached the man. He looked listless. His eyes were pale.
‘Who bewitched him?’
“Are you going to find that woman, Master?” asked the spirit beast.
“We’ll follow him for now and see where it leads us,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao moved cautiously. He wasn’t afraid of being discovered by the man in front. The man looked like an empty shell.
Jiang Hao was afraid of being discovered by someone hiding in the forest.
“Master wants the woman too?” asked the spirit beast. “I have no interest in women,” said Jiang Hao impatiently.
He followed the man into the forest.
After walking deeper into the forest, Jiang Hao sensed something in the distance.
The person who stood there was only in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
‘How dare you kill so boldly when you are so weak?’ thought Jiang Hao.
The heavenly Note Sect was a demonic sect. All sorts of strange things happened here, but it was rare to see someone in such a low cultivation realm going around killing people without a care in the world.
‘But why does she keep killing non-cultivators?
Jiang Hao walked up to the middle-aged man and knocked him unconscious.
He walked toward the woman. He masked his energy and his realm. The woman shouldn’t be able to sense his strength at all.
He was at the late stage of the Golden Core Realm. He didn’t need to fear her.
The moon peeked through the forest canopy, lighting his way.
With every step, Jiang Hao lowered his cultivation. He had now dropped to Foundation Establishment Realm. After a while, he dropped his cultivation realm to the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
He stopped when he reached the third stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. The woman wouldn’t suspect him and would consider him weak. He could find out what she was after.
However, he felt strange that there were no people from the Law Enforcement Hall around here to investigate.
He had found her so easily. There was no way that the Law Enforcement Hall couldn’t have caught her already.
After a while, he reached an open meadow in the forest. He saw the woman lying on the ground with her shoulders exposed.
Her hair was messy. She was radiant in the moonlight. Her pale skin was striking in the moonlight.
Jiang Hao felt calm. He didn’t feel anything else. This was the effect of the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison.
He used the Daily Appraisal on the woman. She was pretending to be asleep.
[One of the avatars of the Greater Thousand Spirit: This is one of the avatars of Wen Yin of the Great Thousand God Sect. She has absorbed the spirit and devoured the flesh and blood to reach the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. A portion of it has been secretly transferred to the main body and is currently using the Greater Thousand Charm Technique on you. She intends to devour you completely after mating with you. In order to hide, the avatar does not share memories with the main body.]
‘The Great Thousand God Sect?’
Jiang Hao had never heard of such a sect before. ‘So… the woman is just a clone?’
It was no wonder no one from the Law Enforcement Hall had been able to find her. Fortunately, she didn’t share her memories with the main body. Otherwise, the enemy would be on alert.
After confirming it, Jiang Hao no longer suppressed his cultivation. He raised his level to the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The sudden change startled the clone lying on the ground. She was so frightened that she opened her eyes and tried to escape.
Jiang Hao shook his head and used the Demonic Sound Thousand Miles technique. In the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of her and blocked her way.
The clone of Wen Yin looked at Jiang Hao in panic. “Senior Brother, please let me go. I have done nothing wrong. I just enjoy… the company of other people. If you let me go, I will do anything you want. I’m even willing to come with you to your house!”
Jiang Hao swung the flat of his blade and struck her on the head. She dropped to the ground.
He didn’t kill her. He told the spirit beast to look for Liu Xingchen.
Soon, Liu Xingchen flew down to him from the sky. He was surprised to see the scantily dressed woman on the ground.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re truly cautious, aren’t you?” said Liu Xingchen. “She’s from the Great Thousand God Sect. She’s just a clone. If it wasn’t for the fact that the main person is hidden very well, we would’ve already caught them by now.”
“Great Thousand God Sect?”
“The Great Thousand God Sect is a sect that specializes in helping people. They are often active in the Milky Way Sea. I hadn’t expected them to infiltrate the Heavenly Note Sect. We have nothing against them. They are probably here for something,” said Liu Xingchen. “They probably don’t know the rules of our sect. I think that’s why they killed people in the sect, hoping nothing would happen to them.”
“I’ll take her back,” said Liu Xingchen. “Should I mention you?”
Jiang Hao didn’t want people to know that he did this. If he wanted the credit, he wouldn’t have sent for Liu Xingchen. He would’ve called his master instead.
As for the arrival of the Great Thousand God Sect, it was probably related to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Jiang Hao hesitated. “Senior Brother Liu, if I want to go out of the sect to a nearby town, what should I do?”
Liu Xingchen was stunned. He wondered if he had heard it wrong..