Chapter 114: Giving Advice On Cultivation
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao and Liu Xingchen stood in the forest. In front of them lay the unconscious woman.
“What?”
“I wanted to go out of the sect for something,” said Jiang Hao.
Although Liu Xingchen was surprised, he didn’t ask his reason for it. “It’s not that difficult to go out. The thing is… will you be able to make it back to the sect? It’s better to leave secretly when no one is watching. Be careful, though. The Blackheaven Sect and the Sunset immortal Sect might be waiting for you outside the sect. If you sense something, it’s better to retreat quietly.”
Jiang Hao thanked him. If something like that happened, he was prepared to use the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman. The demoness could find him anywhere. He didn’t need to worry about her.
“Your current situation is okay. You just need to ask the Law Enforcement Hall for permission, and they’ll give you a mission. It shouldn’t be that difficult. When are you going out? I can ask them for you. If they agree, you can leave, but you’ll be given a time limit,” said Liu Xingchen. “You’ll need to be back before the time runs out. They usually give up to three months to return.”
“Three months should be enough. I wonder what the mission would be…”
“Law Enforcement Hall usually gives missions to recruit disciples or eliminate traitors. When recruiting disciples, they’ll give you detailed information,” said Liu Xingchen. “As for eliminating traitors, you’ll have to pay compensation if you can’t do it. Don’t worry… if you’re at the Foundation Establishment Realm, you’ll be sent to deal with traitors in their Foundation Establishment Realm.
But sometimes… the information gets mixed up, and you might have to face a Golden Core Realm cultivator. If that happens, you only have to return to the sect and compensate by paying some spirit stones.”
‘Spirit stones?’ Jiang Hao sighed. This demonic sect only sought to rob people in broad daylight.
Jiang Hao hesitated. “Then… if I fulfill the mission, do I get a reward?”
“Of course,” said Liu Xingchen and smiled. “The Law Enforcement Hall will find you less suspicious. You can even make it out of their suspect list.”
Jiang Hao sighed. “How many spirit stones are needed to pay the compensation?”
“Well… it starts from three thousand spirit stones.”
Jiang Hao looked shocked.
“The Law Enforcement Hall needs spirit stones too, but they guarantee that they will suspect you less. If anything goes wrong, they’ll bear responsibility,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Are there many people who go out on missions for the Law Enforcement Hall?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes. People on the suspect list don’t have a livelihood. Not everyone is like you. They don’t have a job here and can’t go out on missions for the sect. So, they accept the Law Enforcement Hall’s missions to earn some spirit stones and to improve their cultivation.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He didn’t need to go out of the sect to earn spirit stones or to improve his cultivation. It was too difficult to find any bubbles outside the sect.
“Are there any restrictions on accepting missions?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I can get someone to do it for you. You can then head to the Law Enforcement
Hall to accept it. If you fail… save spirit stones to pay them. The Law Enforcement Hall isn’t unreasonable. You can pay back on a monthly basis within three years. I can find something that is profitable for you.”
Jiang Hao thanked him. Liu Xingchen left with the woman.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He needed to earn more spirit stones. Then, he needed to make another Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
It would be best if he could save up three thousand spirit stones before heading out.
Jiang Hao wanted to take the middle-aged man back with him. Just as he walked to the unconscious man, there was another person standing beside him, looking very flustered.
When he saw Jiang Hao, he was scared. “Senior Brother, it wasn’t me! He was here in this state when I arrived!”
“I know. It’s alright,” said Jiang Hao. “Why are you here so late?”
The young boy beside the unconscious man was Lin Zhi. One of the people he had recruited to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao had never used his Daily Appraisal ability on him, but he had sensed something strange from him. He hadn’t expected to meet Lin Zhi here.
“The Seniors are resting. I came to the forest to cultivate,” said Lin Zhi.
He usually practiced his cultivation and stillness technique here in the forest. It was impossible for people who just started cultivating to circulate the spiritual energy in their bodies because they couldn’t sense it properly yet.
He couldn’t absorb spiritual energy well either. The dynamic techniques were used to better absorb and guide the spiritual energy.
Jiang Hao went over to the unconscious man lying on the ground.
Lin Zhi hurried to his side. “Let me help, Senior Brother!”
Jiang Hao let him do it.
“There are three steps to entering the basics. Perceive the spiritual energy the movement technique to guide the spiritual energy into the body, and finally accumulate enough spiritual energy to travel through the meridian circulate it into the cultivation realm. Have you been able to do that yet?” Jiang Hao.
“I am only able to sense my spiritual energy to some extent.” Lin Zhi was ashamed.
He heard that Lin MO and Zhao Qingxue were about to advance. He was jus short of a full cycle.
“It’s alright. It’ll happen soon,” said Jiang Hao to comfort him. “Cultivation always takes time. The key is to do it step by step. When you are impatient anxious, it’ll confuse the spiritual energy. You need to practice mindfulnes first. It’ll come in handy. Keep yourself calm in all situations.”
Along the way, Jiang Hao explained the movement techniques to Lin Zhi. I Zhi listened eagerly. He was overjoyed. Jiang Hao had cleared many of his doubts.
As an outer sect disciple, it was rare for Lin Zhi to receive personal guidan from someone in the Golden Core Realm.
After dropping the man at his house, Jiang Hao told Lin Zhi to head back “Don’t go out too much during the night. It’s not safe. Go and rest.”
Lin Zhi nodded.
Jiang Hao also returned to his own house.
Lin Zhi’s path wasn’t easy. His two closest friends had top-notch talent, while he was just average. The gap between them was too huge. Lin Zhi couldn’t manage to make any mistakes. He would end up dead. This was a demonic sect, after all.
“Master, are you going out again?” asked the spirit beast when he saw Jiang Hao heading out. “Take me along with you.”
“You stay here and watch the house,” said Jiang Hao. “Master, will you bring me gifts?” asked the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao sighed. “What do you want?” “Maybe a magical treasure that suits me.”
“I’m not buying you treasures.”
“Please, Master. Just one..”