Chapter 115: The Terrifying Sect Master
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Early that morning in the Blackheaven Sect, Ren Shuang was listening to a senior explaining a cultivation technique in the square.
At around noon, she turned around and left.
These few days, she had only one thing in mind. She wanted an update on the seniors who had gone to the Heavenly Note Sect to negotiate.
She even asked a junior to find out any information regarding it. However, a few days passed with no news at all.
Ren Shuang was more concerned about the person Situ Jian talked about. She hoped he was wrong. That person wasn’t very strong. He was only average in his talent.
Even if he was as powerful as Situ Jian thought he was, he couldn’t really cause trouble against the Blackheaven Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, and the Sunset Immortal Sect combined.
She saw a junior running to her. “Senior Sister Ren, something bad has happened!”
“What? What’s wrong?” Ren Shuang saw that the junior was shaken. “Take a deep breath and tell me slowly. Is it news from the Heavenly Note Sect?” “Yes!” She nodded.
Xiao Xue took a deep breath. “Everyone who went to the Heavenly Note Sect was killed except for Senior Brother Dongfang Cheng. The elders are dead!”
“What?! No one else survived?” Ren Shuang was flabbergasted. If her father had gone with them, he would’ve been dead…
Ren Shuang felt a chill down her spine. She couldn’t quite believe it. This matter was directly connected to Jiang Hao.
The Heavenly Note Sect.
The matter with the Blackheaven Sect had been solved… for now.
Many disciples couldn’t forget that fateful day. They hadn’t even been able to see the moon slash that killed everyone except one person from the other sects.
Many wondered if they would have to fight the three great sects.
Some of the formidable disciples were puzzled. They wondered why their sect hadn’t chosen the most logical and less bloodthirsty way of negotiation.
Only the masters of the twelve branches knew why this had happened, and there was nothing they could do. They couldn’t disobey the Sect Master.
The Sect Master had made a move. That meant that the rest of the masters had to be prepared. If they couldn’t face the situation, they could always abdicate from their positions.
It had been decades since they had seen the Sect Master, but the thought of her still made them tremble in fear.
In order to appease her, they sent numerous resources to the main sect’s pavilion. With sufficient resources, they could fight. This was also meant to show their loyalty.
Jiang Hao didn’t know about that.
He spent his time earning spirit stones to buy more talisman-making materials.
He now needed to save up four hundred spirit stones to make another Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao managed to make 463 spirit stones. He went to the market to buy the necessary materials.
After he was done with it, he headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
“Master, the cannibal woman hasn’t attacked anyone else for the past few days. Maybe she is scared of me. Can I return home tonight?” asked the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao had instructed the spirit beast to patrol the area at night. Fortunately, nothing had happened.
However, the people of the Great Thousand God Sect had not been captured yet. The Law Enforcement Hall was proving to be a bit incompetent these days.
“Master, do you want some carrots?” said the spirit beast. “Some friends have left these carrots for me!”
Jiang Hao examined one of the carrots. It had no spiritual remnants. It was safe. “We’ll have an extra meal tonight.”
“Alright!”
Jiang Hao was about to leave the Spirit Herb Garden when suddenly he felt an energy fluctuation.
He turned around to see someone walking toward him. Judging from her aura, she must be at least at the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Jiang Hao walked out of the garden.
There was a woman in ragged clothes who was fleeing. “What right do you have to arrest me? Why are you making such a big fuss? I only killed an outer sect disciple. That’s no use to you!”
The Heavenly Note Sect had mobilized many disciples in the peak stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm to hunt the clones.
“There is no use running away. Do you think our Law Enforcement Hall is useless?”
The four people rode on their flying swords and pursued the woman. They had already managed to injure her.
The woman spat out a mouthful of blood. Then, she charged at Jiang Hao. Since this sect values its disciples so much, she’d take one as a hostage!
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly when he saw the woman charging at him. ‘Another clone?’
He unsheathed his Half-Moon Blade.
He used the first form from the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, also called the Moon-Slaying technique. The blade glinted and slashed toward the woman.
The attack made her stumble. The four disciples rushed to her and pinned her to the ground. The woman let out an ear-piercing scream.
“Why are you chasing me? It was just an outer sect disciple! I am also a disciple of this sect. How dare you arrest me?”
“If you have anything to say, say it at the Lawless Tower. You claim to be the sect’s disciple. I assume you know what happens in the Lawless Tower.”
The three disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall picked her up and left. The fourth disciple approached Jiang Hao.
“Thank you for helping us, Junior Brother.”
“It’s nothing,” said Jiang Hao and bowed.
The woman seemed to be clueless about how the sect worked. The Law
Enforcement Hall needed to capture murderers and throw them into the
Lawless Tower to accumulate spiritual energy. The disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall were more than willing to participate in the capture because they were rewarded for it.
The disciple nodded and left.
Jiang Hao sighed. ‘Capturing and threatening the prisoner… what’s the use anyway?
“Master, are we still having an extra meal tonight?” asked the spirit beast as it handed carrots to Jiang Hao.
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao. “Save these for dinner.”
He headed back into the Spirit Herb Garden. He wanted to get back to work.
There were fewer and fewer people in the garden now. He needed to find some non-cultivators to work in the garden.
‘But how?’