Chapter 116: Increase In Cultivation
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
There were not enough people in the Spirit Herb Garden to take care of spirit herbs. Those who were still there wanted to stay for as long as they could.
If they wanted to leave because of the recent dangers, Jiang Hao would have willingly given them spirit stones for their journey.
Jiang Hao didn’t think too much about it and returned to his house. Today was an important day for him. He had seen a blue bubble in his courtyard in the morning.
He opened his interface. [Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 22]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
After half a year of grinding, he was finally where he needed to be! He could advance to the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm.
He would be at Liu Xingchen’s level. No one would be able to threaten him… except for some formidable disciples.
He was one of the top ten disciples of the sect. No one would try to kill him in the sect anymore. The only other person from the top ten list he knew was Manlong. He didn’t know anyone else.
He wondered how strong the person on the first rank was. Had they already surpassed the Golden Core Realm?
If everything went smoothly, he would reach the Primordial Spirit Realm in another year.
Jiang Hao needed to find out when the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower gave a blue bubble. Sometimes, it would spawn a blue bubble every three days. Other times, it took around five days.
He also needed to earn more spirit stones. He had so many things to consider.
For now, he only needed to advance to the leak of the Golden Core Realm.
He sat cross-legged on the floor and calmed his mind. He circulated his spiritual energy. The Hong Meng Heart Sutra worked its magic, and his lifeblood began to surge.
A huge force washed through his senses, followed by pain. Then, his spiritual energy gathered in his core. He felt the energy trying to break through the barrier. Purple energy surged around him like clouds.
The power reached its peak and slowly dissipated. His aura emitted a dazzling light.
He had made it to the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm!
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He was overjoyed. The power was so overwhelming that he felt like challenging someone to a fight. It had been a long time since he had found someone on his own level to fight with. The only time he had felt a thrill was when fighting the people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
Jiang Hao brushed his thoughts aside and began to refine his cultivation.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao completed refining his cultivation. He was now truly at the peak of the Golden Core Realm.
He checked his interface. The lifeblood and cultivation were at their lowest. It would take a long time to accumulate them again.
After that, he started making talismans. The most important thing was to make the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
Jiang Hao needed to make that before Hong Yuye’s next visit.
However, the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman was very difficult to create. After the last attempt, he had taken a long time to recover.
His Clear and Pure Heart ability wasn’t at its peak.
Jiang Hao tried to make that talisman eight times in the next fifteen days. However, he failed every single time.
He set it aside. He made Healing Talismans and Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans for the time being. Jiang Hao kept selling them for spirit stones.
Jiang Hao headed to the Spirit Herb Garden and was delighted to find that Cheng Chou was back. However, his arm was injured.
“You’re finally back!” Jiang Hao was relieved to see him.
Since Cheng Chou had been gone for more than a month, Jiang Hao was beginning to think that something bad had happened to him.
The spirit beast happily ran over to Cheng Chou.
“Hello, Senior Brother Jiang.” Cheng Chou bowed respectfully.
“How did you get injured?” asked Jiang Hao, gesturing to his hand.
“I met a demonic beast on the way. I ended up using all the talismans that you gave me.”
“That’s alright. I’m glad it came in handy. How’s Xiao Li?” he asked.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li’s house was very far away. It took five days journey to reach there. We were delayed because of the demonic beast. On the seventh day, we finally reached the place. It was a small village near the river.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He knew that from when he had used the Daily Appraisal ability on Xiao Li. She was rescued from the river by an old couple.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li’s parents are very old. They are over sixty years of age. Their condition isn’t very good,” said Cheng Chou. “They were very happy to see her, though. She spent most of her time chopping wood and taking care of the house. We took a lot of food for them from the spirit stones you gave us. Oh… only two spirit stones are left now.”
“You can keep them.”
Jiang Hao gave Cheng Chou a Lifeblood Pill. “Here… take this to treat your injuries.”
“Thank you.”
Cheng Chou was delighted. The Lifeblood Pill was difficult to obtain. He could even advance to the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm with the pill!
“Xiao Li’s parents… do they have any relatives?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes, but they haven’t been in contact for over ten years,” said Cheng Chou. He then hesitated a little.
“What is it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s… this,” said Cheng Chou as he brought out something that was wrapped in oil paper. “Xiao Li’s mother sent some snacks for you. She was grateful because you let Xiao Li visit her home.”
Jiang Hao accepted it. “Thank you,” he said. “Where is Xiao Li?”
“She said she was hungry. So, she went to eat,” said Cheng Chou awkwardly.
“Does she want to go back again?”
“Yes.”
Jiang Hao nodded. “Tell her that she can go back to visit her parents again if she makes it to the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm by the end of the year. Remember to emphasize that it should be done by the end of the year.”
Cheng Chou was puzzled. ‘Why must it be by the end of the year?’
He didn’t dare to ask further and just nodded. “Oh… I saw that the Spirit Herb Garden lacks people. It seems there have been some deaths in the sect. Should I try to recruit more people to work here?”
Jiang Hao nodded. “Yes. Recruit them and tell me..”