Chapter 117: Call Me Big Brother
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Some people who had one to work in the other Spirit Herb Gardens had been called back already. However, even then, they lacked people.
There were many things that needed to be done in the Spirit Herb Garden. Usually, non-cultivators could tend to the spirit herbs in the garden. There was no need to disturb other disciples. Only some things needed the attention of the cultivators.
The Spirit Herb Garden wasn’t a hectic place to work in, except when they had a rush of orders.
Before Jiang Hao joined the Spirit Herb Garden, the non-cultivators had lived in fear. If something happened in the garden, the inner sect disciples would blame them.
At noon, Jiang Hao was done with his work in the Spirit Herb Garden. He sat down and ate the food sent by Xiao Li’s mother. He used the Daily Appraisal ability on the food before eating to make sure it wasn’t poisonous. It was just an ordinary home-cooked meal.
Soon, Cheng Chou returned with the spirit beast. The beast had insisted on following Cheng Chou to make his job easier.
There were eight other people who had returned with Cheng Chou. They wore tattered clothes and looked frail and skinny. Most of them were too young. The youngest was about fourteen years of age.
Jiang Hao looked at the pitiful young girl. He didn’t ask where Cheng Chou had found them.
The eight people stood with their heads lowered in fear.
Some of them had scars and bruises on their bodies. Jiang Hao knew that those were inflicted by the disciples from the sect.
Jiang Hao didn’t sense anything strange from them. He hadn’t absorbed everything in the nameless manual, but he could sense that these people were ordinary non-cultivators.
If he wanted to find out more about them, he would have to use the Daily Appraisal ability on one person each day.
“Arrange accommodation for them. Have them change into something decent and brief them on the work,” said Jiang Hao.
“Alright,” said Cheng Chou.
Cheng Chou led them away. “You don’t have to look so scared. It’s alright. You’re lucky to be selected to work here. Just do your job well and you’ll be fine.”
“Master, I asked Cheng Chou to pick these people,” said the spirit beast. “Those people didn’t dare refuse me. Maybe they knew how powerful I was.”
Jiang Hao ignored it. The people were all in their Lifeblood Refinement Realm. The spirit beast was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Obviously, they wouldn’t refuse out of fear.
Jiang Hao headed to the market to sell the talismans that he had made over the past few days.
He earned more than two hundred spirit stones.
After taking a break for almost a month, Jiang Hao tested his Clear and Pure Heart ability. He then tried making another Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
To make this talisman, Jiang Hao had saved every ounce of his energy. He hadn’t even tried to practice the third form of the Heavenly Blade.
Jiang Hao didn’t know when Hong Yuye would visit him. He needed to create that talisman as soon as possible.
He had a feeling that he would be even more drained than before after making the talisman. However, he would at least have a way of escape.
Jiang Hao dipped the brush in the beast’s blood and began to draw. Every stroke was as smooth as the flow of water in a stream. His spiritual energy was stable, and his state of mind was clear.
Halfway through, he felt his body heat up. His mind became even more focused.
After a while, the last stroke fell.
Following that, he retrieved his spiritual energy.
When everything calmed down, Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He felt tired. His cultivation realm had increased, but the exhaustion he felt was more severe than before.
He lay down to rest. After a while, he got up and picked up the newly made talisman.
On the surface, it was exactly like the talisman he had made before, but something about it was different.
He used the Daily Appraisal on it.
[Thousand Mile Teleportation Talisman: Low-grade. It ignores all spells and barriers. It can teleport anywhere within 900 miles to 1,200 miles. It can be activated directly with blood or spiritual energy. It cannot be interrupted.] ‘The range has increased. It’s no wonder I was exhausted..
Putting away the talisman, Jiang Hao began to check his own condition. He could no longer use the Clear and Pure Heart ability because he had exhausted his spiritual energy.
This wasn’t worth it. ‘I wonder if it’ll be better after reaching the Primordial Spirit Realm…
Jiang Hao now had two Thousand Miles Teleportation Talismans. It should be much safer to go out of the sect now.
He didn’t plan to venture out. He wanted to use one of the talismans to teleport directly to his destination.
Jiang Hao began to meditate. His current condition wasn’t good. He wanted to preserve his strength. Thankfully, Bai Ye and the Heavenly Joy Pavilion hadn’t pulled any more stunts.
Jiang Hao knew that they were waiting for the right time to strike.
The Heavenly Joy Pavilion was after him because he had killed Yun Ruo. So many people seemed to like her even though she was nothing but a traitor. Then there was the Sunset Immortal Sect, which wanted him dead at any cost.
He couldn’t understand why they were so bloodthirsty.
There must be others like Yun Ruo in their sect. So, why were they so hung up on her?
Jiang Hao sighed. The most important thing for him right now was to go collect the remaining bubbles from the garden. He needed to accumulate his lifeblood and cultivation diligently. He was so close to advancing to the Primordial Spirit Realm, after all.
After that, even Bai Ye wouldn’t be much of a threat.
The next day, Jiang Hao watered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
[Strength +1] [Cultivation +1]
[Lifeblood Pill +1]
After collecting the bubbles, he looked at the people in the Spirit Herb Garden. He had appraised them one by one in the past month. They didn’t pose any danger. They were just ordinary non-cultivators.
The people had finally assimilated into their new work environment.
Jiang Hao was just tending to the herbs when he heard a playful voice. “Rabbit, let me catch you!” Xiao Li chased the spirit beast around.
“You can’t call me that!” said the spirit beast indignantly.
“Then… what should I call you?” asked Xiao Li.
The spirit beast jumped onto Xiao Li’s shoulder and thought about it. “Hm… You can call me… Big Brother. If you do that, I’ll protect you. People will treat you with respect if they think you’re my sister.”
“Really?” Xiao Li grabbed the rabbit and squeezed it.
“Of course,” said the spirit beast as it ignored her. “It’s all about credibility and respect.”
Xiao Li was very happy to hear this. Jiang Hao almost laughed out loud. The spirit beast was really something. Lying in broad daylight!
Perhaps only the naive dragon, who had lost her memory, would believe it in this world.
Xiao Li had come to visit Jiang Hao. She couldn’t stand the senior who taught her, so she wanted Jiang Hao to help her.
He let her stay in the Spirit Herb Garden and instructed the spirit beast to watch over her. Xiao Li was very obedient. She didn’t stir any trouble at all.
Just as Jiang Hao was about to get to his work, Ming Yi sought him out. He hadn’t seen her for a very long time..