Chapter 118: The Demoness’ Question
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Junior Brother Jiang, you seem to have gained a lot of useful things these days,” said Ming Yi as she approached Jiang Hao.
She was all smiles as though she was the only friend Jiang Hao had in this world.
“Senior Sister Ming, you must be joking,” said Jiang Hao. “I haven’t even left the Cliff of Broke Hearts in about a year.”
Ming Yi sat beside him. “I heard you recruited a very talented disciple to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.”
Jiang Hao was on his guard. He nodded. Ming Yi was a spy from the Heavenly Saint Sect who had infiltrated the Heavenly Note Sect. Miao Tinglian used to be a part of the Heavenly Saint Sect too.
It was very likely that the two of them knew each other. If they met, who knew what would happen?
If Ming Yi sought him out to ask him that, then she wasn’t afraid of her identity being exposed. Jiang Hao didn’t understand why she was taking such a risk.
“A Senior Sister did join us,” said Jiang Hao.
Ming Yi smiled. “You call her “Senior Sister” even though she has just joined?” “Her cultivation realm is higher than mine,” said Jiang Hao.
“I see.” Ming Yi laughed. “I went out of the sect for a while and… heard a lot of things. I heard some people were targeting you, Junior Brother Jiang. Some wait for you outside the sect, while others infiltrate this sect to get to you…
pretending to be ordinary people.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. The Heavenly Note Sect had brought in a lot of ordinary non-cultivators recently.
“Thank you for telling me, Senior Sister Ming,” said Jiang Hao politely. He knew that Ming Yi probably would stab him in the back someday, but so far, she hadn’t caused him any harm.
“Oh… right. I almost forgot. There’s the matter with the Heavenly Saint Sect.
Those lunatics are very single-minded. You need to be careful, Junior Brother Jiang. ”
Jiang Hao nodded and thanked her for the warning. Ming Yi got up and left.
Jiang Hao wondered if she was still using a bewitching spell on him. He wondered if he would have fallen for her in the past…
Ming Yi had confirmed that the Heavenly Saint Sect was after him. They had probably sent someone disguised as an ordinary non-cultivator.
It was a little troublesome for him. They wouldn’t have sent anyone below the Golden Core Realm. However, if he made a move, then he couldnt fool anyone into believing that he was still in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Jiang Hao needed to be more careful. After tending to the spirit herbs for a while longer, Jiang Hao decided to leave.
Xiao Li had already run off to eat.
Nothing was more important to her than food. Fortunately, the Heavenly Note Sect wasn’t short on food and could nourish her as long as possible.
When he was heading back, he saw Cheng Chou near the entrance. Something was different about him.
“You advanced?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes.” Cheng Chou smiled. He had made it to the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. “All thanks to you, Senior Brother Jiang.”
“That’s alright,” said Jiang Hao. “Congratulations! I’ll explain to you how to refine your cultivation. After this, it won’t take you long to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm.’
Cheng Chou was grateful. The Foundation Establishment Realm seemed out of reach. He wouldn’t let go of the chance to achieve it.
Jiang Hao left. Cheng Chou did have a chance to enter the Foundation Establishment Realm soon. He just needed some resources and time.
The most difficult part was reaching the Golden Core Realm from the
Foundation Establishment Realm. It was equal to experiencing nine deaths.
Even if Cheng Chou made it to the Golden Core Realm, he would be stuck at the early stage… unless he found some opportunity to advance rapidly.
For example, Han Ming had encountered a treasure that helped him advance. The same thing had happened to Mu Qi.
There was also Liu Xingchen, who had let the True Dragon’s Remnant Soul possess his body. However, one had to be as bold and as reckless as Liu Xingchen to let that happen.
‘I wonder how he is doing…’ Jiang Hao sighed. He found it so hard to believe that he had befriended such a crazy person.
Returning to the courtyard, Jiang Hao sat on a wooden chair and took out the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade book.
He hadn’t opened it for so many months because he was busy trying to get the talisman right.
Since he couldn’t use the Clear and Pure Heart ability, he might as well study it. He would be heading out soon, so he needed to learn as much as he could.
He studied it till late at night but couldn’t understand anything. The third form of the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade was extremely difficult.
The third form was called the Meteor. It was different from the Moon-Slaying and Mountain Suppression techniques.
He picked up the teapot and was about to pour himself a cup of tea when he realized that the tea was long gone.
Jiang Hao hesitated a little and then took out some Red Azure tea. He hadn’t even tasted the tea. He had bought two types of the same tea. One had cost him a hundred spirit stones and the other, one hundred and fifty.
He brewed a pot of the more expensive Red Azure tea. The fragrance was pleasant.
Jiang Hao poured himself a cup and took a sip. It tasted refreshing. “This is tasty…”
“Master, pour me a cup too.”
The spirit beast came bounding up to him.
Jiang Hao poured a cup of tea for the beast too. The spirit beast finished it in one gulp.
“This tea is made especially for a beast like me.”
Jiang Hao sipped his tea and studied the book.
After midnight, he brewed another pot of tea. This time he used the slightly less expensive Red Azure tea. The color was even redder, and the taste was bitter.
Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘So, this was why she frowned last time. I have to stock up on the slightly more expensive version of the tea soon.’
If Hong Yuye was displeased, he would suffer the consequences.
Jiang Hao only returned to his room to cultivate after finishing the tea. He decided to visit the market tomorrow to sell talismans and buy more tea leaves.
He had fifteen Healing Talismans and eighteen Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans left. He also had a few Ten Thousand Swords Talismans and
Pain-Relieving Talismans. They could be sold for a few hundred spirit stones.
With the three hundred spirit stones he had on him, he bought more tea leaves.
Then he returned home and began to cultivate.
Early the next morning, he woke up and went out to the courtyard. He saw a woman crouching next to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. She was dressed in a red and white dress. Her hair was fastened by a beautiful hairpin. She looked like something out of an exquisite painting.
“Which cultivation realm are you in?” asked Hong Yuye as she gently touched a leaf of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
She hadn’t even turned around, but she sensed his presence.
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm,” he said.
Hong Yuye didn’t even react this time. She was used to his lying nature.
“Are you ready to head to the nearby town with me?” she asked. She raised her head and looked at him.
“I… have been preparing for the past few days. We can go any time,” said Jiang
Hao.
“We’ll pass by a mine on the way. Do you want to go in and mine for a few days?” she asked.
Jiang Hao was speechless..