Chapter 119: The Demoness’ Anger
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao had been thinking about how it would feel so good to mine and collect bubbles.
If he could mine for a few days, he could even break through to the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Unfortunately, he had no way to mine, so he would have to wait for another year to reach the Primordial Spirit Realm.
However, since he had to go out of the sect for a few months, even a year might not be enough to advance.
The benefits of mining were great. Sometimes, Jiang Hao wondered how it would have been if he had been thrown into a mine right after being taken into the sect.
Maybe he would have advanced to the Primordial Spirit Realm by now. However, there would’ve been no way to hide his cultivation. That would’ve been bad.
Jiang Hao brushed his thoughts aside. Mining rarely yielded gold bubbles. Till now, only the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower had given him a gold bubble. Anyhow, it would be beneficial if he could mine for a few days.
He shook his head reluctantly. “Senior, your matter is more important right now. I don’t like mining that much.”
“You’re so full of lies as always,” said Hong Yuye and got up. “Get ready. We’ll leave in seven days.”
“May I know where we’ll be going?” asked Jiang Hao. “Should I prepare anything in advance?”
He had prepared for this. He had two Thousand Miles Teleportation Talismans, so everything would be alright.
“You’ll know when the time comes.” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao. “If you back out, you know the consequences.”
Jiang Hao sighed. He had never been to any nearby towns after joining the sect. He didn’t know what to prepare.
“It seems to be blooming.” Hong Yuye sat on a wooden chair and looked at the Immortal Peach Tree.
The tree was huge now. It had blossomed. In a few months, the fruits would be ready.
Jiang Hao glanced at the tree. “Senior, how long do you plan to travel?” “A month at least. Four months at most. Is there a problem?” she asked.
‘No problem at all…”
He was only given three months. If he wasn’t back by then, he would get in trouble. However, Hong Yuye might get angry if he said anything.
“Make some tea,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao felt helpless. Last night, he and the spirit beast had finished all the tea. He had no choice but to brew some ordinary tea.
He poured her a cup and braced himself.
Bang!
A powerful force slammed Jiang Hao against the wall. He at least knew now that he needed to carry some good tea with him for the next few days.
Hong Yuye stood up. “Where do you plan to wait for me after seven days?”
“Outside the Heavenly Note Sect…” “Alright. If I don’t see you there…’
“I know. I’ll be there.”
“Make preparations for my flower to be taken care of. Otherwise, you’ll face my anger.”
“Understood.”
After a moment of silence, Hong Yuye spoke again.
“Use your divine ability on me again.”
Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on her. He also hid his energy consumption, as the nameless manual instructed.
The results were the same as before. He could only see her name and nothing else.
“I used it.”
He looked at Hong Yuye’s face but couldn’t tell whether she was able to detect it.
At a moment, Hong Yuye vanished with the teacup in her hands.
Jiang Hao sighed. “Why not put down the teacup before you disappear?” he muttered.
Even though it was just a normal tea set, it had cost him money!
He felt that Hong Yuye had a bad habit of taking other people’s things away.
Jiang Hao needed to prepare for the journey. He decided to earn more spirit stones in the next few days.
The day was unusually quiet. Normally, when Hong Yuye left, the spirit beast would be screaming in agony. Over its bruises.
Jiang Hao was puzzled. He realized that the spirit beast was nowhere to be seen.
He looked in the distance to see where it had run off to. He saw something splashing in the river, struggling to get out.
Hong Yuye probably had blasted him off to the river because it had drooled over the heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. The beast was lucky it was alive.
Jiang Hao created some talismans. He also stored some spiritual energy in the
Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability. It might come in handy in the future.
He stored two attacks, namely Moon-Slaying and Mountain Suppression, in his wrist guard.
Five days later, Jiang Hao had created quite a few talismans. He sold most of them. He now had 1,100 spirit stones on him.
He was lucky that he knew quite a few seniors who wanted talismans. He sold them at 15% lower than the market price.
Leng Tian hadn’t visited him in the past few days. He had given her a lot of talismans in exchange for the Thousand Miles teleportation Talisman. She might not be lacking talismans right now.
‘I’ll be leaving the day after tomorrow… I’ll buy some tea leaves and go to the Law Enforcement Hall to take on the mission.
Jiang Hao had already informed his master that he would be going out of the sect for a while. His master hadn’t said anything.
Miao Tinglian was surprised to hear that he was heading out, but she didn’t say anything.
She hadn’t asked about Mu Qi again. Occasionally, Jiang Hao saw them working together in the Spirit Herb Garden.
It was good that they were getting along fine. Otherwise, the whole garden would be in trouble if they were in conflict.
At this moment, Jiang Hao arrived at the Depository.
After hesitating for a while, he bought the fragrant Snow Queen Spring tea for fifty spirit stones for one gram. It was cheaper than the Red Azure tea.
Fifty spirit stones were a sky-high price for him, but compared to the other types of tea, it was still cheaper. He spent six hundred spirit stones on the tea.
He saved the rest of the spirit stones. He needed it for the trip.
Jiang Hao then headed to the Law Enforcement Hall. He was surprised when he received the mission for recruitment. He had expected that they would give him a mission to deal with a traitor.
“This person has caught the eye of the Law Enforcement Hall. He is very talented but the possibility of him agreeing to be recruited here is very low,” said the senior who gave him the mission. “You can choose another mission if you want.”
“That’s alright. I’ll take this.” Jiang Hao couldn’t refuse. “Senior Sister, may I ask what sect this person is from?’
“The Bright Moon Sect..’