Chapter 120: Raising A Dragon In His Body
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Although the Bright Moon Sect wasn’t a huge sect, it was stronger than ordinary sects.
The Heavenly Note Sect wasn’t as big as the Bright Moon Sect. However, it was too far away for the sect to affect Jiang Hao if anything went wrong. He didn’t expect the Heavenly Note Sect to send recruiters to such a place.
Jiang Hao could snatch the person away from there, but he feared that he would be intercepted on the way back.
If it was the Blackheaven Sect, the Sunset Immortal Sect, or the Wind
Lightning Sect, he could use the advantage from last time to snatch the person away.
These three sects were not weaker than the Heavenly Note Sect. Instead, their foundation was much stronger.
If it wasn’t for the fact that many of the other sects’ experts were imprisoned in the Heavenly Note Sect, the saber strike would have brought disaster.
However, it was done. The Heavenly Note Sect had made an enemy of them.
The Blackheaven Sect targeted Jiang Hao because of Xuanyuan Tai. The Sunset Immortal Sect wanted revenge because he had killed Yun Ruo.
Jiang Hao sighed. ‘Why is it considered a crime to kill the pies they sent in the first place?’
After leaving the Law Enforcement Hall, Jiang Hao shook his head and sighed wearily.
In just two years, he had advanced to the peak of the Golden Core Realm and managed to provoke Heavenly Joy Pavilion, the Hundred Bones Forest, the Sunset immortal Sect, the Blackheaven Sect, and the Heavenly Saint Sect. He decided to return to the Spirit Herb Garden and ask Cheng Chou about the things he needed to prepare if he was heading out.
“Junior Brother Jiang, are you going out?”
Liu Xingchen greeted him. Jiang Hao was shocked to see him. There was something strange about his aura. It no longer felt like he was in the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao was curious, so he used the Daily Appraisal on him.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon. Nothing better to do than be a spy for the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. He was bored, so he let the True Dragon’s Remnant Soul possess him. He consumed half of the dragon’s soul and advanced to the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm in one go. The reason he is on good terms with you is because he wants to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. Quite interested in you.]
Jiang Hao was stunned.
“What mission did you receive?” asked Liu Xingchen.
smiled. “I have to recruit someone from the Bright Moon Sect.”
“Wow… the Bright Moon Sect?” asked Liu Xingchen. “The Bright Moon Sect selects their disciples from very early on. It is said that the Clear Sky School once snatched one of their disciples, and the master of the Bright Moon Sect personally went to get them back. Junior Brother Jiang, you will need to be very careful.”
Jiang Hao understood that he was mostly likely to fail this time, but he didn’t care. What he cared about were the three thousand spirit stones he would owe the Law Enforcement Hall.
The Bright Moon Sect seemed to be more powerful than he had expected.
“How strong is the Bright Moon Sect?” Jiang Hao asked curiously.
“Hm… what do you think about the Blackheaven Sect and the Sunset Immortal Sect?” asked Liu Xingchen.
“They’re stronger than us,” said Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “The Bright Moon Sect is stronger than the two. They have a good foundation and have stood tall in the cultivation world for thousands of years. It’s just that they have their own share of problems. On the other hand, we have twelve branches that get along well, more or less. But… What is a foundation of less than a hundred years when compared to something that has lasted for thousands of years? That is why it was troublesome when you were involved in problems regarding the Blackheaven Sect and the Sunset Immortal Sect.”
nodded. He was in the peak of the Golden Core Realm, but he was in no state to face those sects that he had offended.
Every sect had people who advanced very quickly and were exceptionally strong. Jiang Hao couldn’t face all of them alone.
Liu Xingchen was a perfect example of that. Jiang Hao had met him just two years ago when he was in the peak stage of the Golden Core Realm. Now, he was in the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“But what does that have to do with the Bright Moon Sect?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Liu Xingchen smiled. “The Blackheaven Sect, the Sunset Immortal Sect, and the
Wind Lightning Sect might not even reach half the strength of the Bright Moon
Sect even if they banded together. That’s why you need to be careful, Junior Brother Jiang. If you don’t succeed in recruiting the said disciple, you’ll have to pay compensation to the Law Enforcement Hall. However, if you succeed, you might get in trouble with the Bright Moon Sect.”
Liu Xingchen left after that. Jiang Hao sighed. ‘Is the Law Enforcement Hall deliberately handing out impossible missions because they need money?’
Three Thousand spirit stones…
Jiang Hao watched Liu Xingchen leave.
Liu Xingchen was not as simple as he appeared to be. He actually had a dragon possessing his body.
He had consumed a part of that dragon because he was bored and wanted to do something.
just couldn’t believe it.
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao met Cheng Chou.
“To a nearby town?” said Cheng Chou. “I don’t think you need to prepare too many things if it’s just nearby.”
“But what if you lack things?”
“Then you can always visit the homes of some dignitaries. You just have to do whatever they tell you to. It is great if you meet someone who belongs to our sect. They’ll help you out.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He didn’t want to rely on others because he didn’t have that habit. Also, Hong Yuye was coming along…
“If you want to do everything by yourself, then you need to have some silver on you,” said Cheng Chou.
He handed Jiang Hao some silver and gold coins. “This might help.”
Jiang Hao received about a hundred silver and ten gold coins. “Do you have some copper coins?”
“Yes.” Cheng Chou gave him some copper coins. “Senior Brother Jiang, will you be gone soon?”
“Yes… in the next few days.” Jiang Hao nodded.
From the moment he accepted the mission, anyone who paid attention to him probably knew that he was going out.
The time limit was three months.
“How long will you be gone for?” asked Cheng Chou. “The disciples of the Candlelight Pill Hall have been relying on Senior Brother and Senior Sister to cover the cost of fostering spirit herbs. This… It’s a debt collection matter. It’s not your concern, but… maybe you could handle it after you return?”
‘Debt collection?’ Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. It wasn’t his responsibility, but it did have some connection to him. “If it’s not urgent, then wait until I come back before dealing with it.”
Cheng Chou nodded in agreement. He had no power as an outer disciple to intervene in such matters involving inner disciples, unless he had extraordinary talent.
“Master, are you finally taking me along to show off my great demonic charm?” said the spirit beast excitedly.
“You stay here and take care of the house,” said Jiang Hao.
“Alright,” said the spirit beast. “Master, aren’t you lonely? With me, a magnificent beast you’ve raised, there won’t be anyone on the path who would dare offend you. Take me along, and your reputation will shine.”
Jiang Hao ignored the spirit beast and made some preparations.
Two days later, Jiang Hao stood in the courtyard and activated the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman..