Chapter 121: The Demoness Takes Him Back Home
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Cliff of Broken Heart’s Spirit Herb Garden.
Miao Tinglian stood at the entrance of the garden, feeling happy.
“Junior Brother Jiang is not here, so this place has finally become mine. He is a good person, but his knowledge of spirit herbs is limited… I need to make improvements in the garden before he returns.”
“There are many precious spirit herbs here, many of which require suitable soil. If you mess up and cause problems, you could be expelled from the sect. Don’t cause trouble for me, please,” said Mu Qi sternly.
“You can scold me all you want. I’m not afraid. I know a lot when it comes to spirit herbs, but my knowledge still can’t be compared to the people in the
Hundred Bones Forest. I didn’t expect there to be such formidable individuals,” Miao Tinglian said nervously.
“Is this kind of technique really possible?” Mu Qi was stunned to hear Miao Tinglian’s explanation.
At first, he didn’t think so, but Jiang Hao suddenly left the mountain. Maybe he had left because of this reason.
Suppressing someone’s cultivation with spirit herbs… That was unheard of.
“I’m not sure either, but is it really okay for Junior Brother Jiang to leave the sect?” Miao Tinglian asked.
Mu Qi shook his head. “That’s his choice. Master didn’t say anything.”
Miao Tinglian understood that the path of cultivation was difficult. Sometimes, life and death were decided by someone else. Ultimately, it all depended on how strong one could become.
“You stay here and take care of things. I’m going to the mine. It may start operating again in a few months,” said Mu Qi.
He had always been in charge of the mines. He had been avoiding it due to his injuries, but now he was alright.
“Why do you need to go to the mine? Can’t you apply to work in the Spirit Herb Garden?” Miao Tinglian asked.
“It’s not necessary to oversee the Spirit Herb Garden all the time. As long as there is an inner disciple here, it’s enough. The sect has many areas that need management. If I applied to work here, Junior Brother Jiang would have to go to the mines, I don’t think my master will allow that.”
Miao Tinglian nodded.
In the forest outside the Heavenly Note Sect, the space was distorted.
Then, a figure fell out of the distortion. With a thud, he fell to the ground. Jiang Hao sat up on the ground, holding his head. He was dizzy.
‘Using the talisman makes me feel so dizzy…’
He never expected that using this talisman would make him so dizzy that he wouldn’t be able to even stand. If someone in the Golden Core Realm was affected this way, the talisman might cause even more damage to those in lower cultivation realms.
‘Perhaps there is a minimum threshold to use this talisman…’
After recovering a little, he stood up slowly and tried to figure out where he had landed.
“I wonder how far this place is from the Heavenly Note Sect…”
“Five hundred miles away,” said a sudden voice.
Jiang Hao’s heart missed a beat. He tried to calm himself. He knew that voice. It was Hong Yuye.
He turned his head and saw a woman dressed in a red and white sitting on a tree branch.
When Jiang Hao saw her, she got off the tree.
She had tied her hair up in a simple bun. There was a belt at her waist. She wore a long dress that reached her ankles. Simple and unadorned. Just perfect for traveling.
“Senior, where do you intend to go?” Jiang Hao asked, now fully recovered.
“Hidden Cloud Prefecture,” Hong Yuye said.
Hidden Cloud Prefecture was closest to the Heavenly Note Sect. The Heavenly Note Sect was located in the southern part, surrounded by sixteen spacious prefectures in total.
Each prefecture was vast, and there were numerous towns and villages within them.
When the Heavenly Note Sect wanted to capture someone, they usually headed to the Hidden Cloud Prefecture or its vicinity. With his cultivation at the Golden Core Realm, he could reach a town in Hidden Cloud Prefecture in about a day if he flew on his sword.
“Senior, do you plan to fly there?” Jiang Hao asked.
Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao. A red light appeared, enveloping both of them.
In the blink of an eye, the surroundings changed.
When he regained his senses, he found himself on a road, not far from the town. Many people walked in and out of the town. The words “Fallen City” were written on the city gates.
“This…”
This was a city under the jurisdiction of Hidden Cloud Prefecture, and it was one of the most prosperous cities in the area. With his cultivation at the Golden Core Realm, it would have taken him more than a day to reach here.
But under Hong Yuye’s power, they arrived in the blink of an eye.
He suddenly realized that no matter how many talismans he made, he could never escape her clutches if she decided to hunt him.
Fallen City was familiar to him.
“Let’s go,” Hong Yuye took the lead and walked forward.
Jiang Hao followed. “Senior, shouldn’t you disguise yourself?” he asked hesitantly.
“Disguise? Do I look ugly to you?” Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao. Her aura surged.
“Senior, I apologize! I didn’t mean to offend you. Your exquisite beauty is captivating as always. Many people might be… attracted to you. It might bring trouble,” said Jiang Hao.
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao for a long time. Then she continued walking. “Are you worried that others would cause trouble for me, or it will cause trouble for you?”
“Naturally, I’m worried about you, Senior,” Jiang Hao followed behind, feeling helpless.
“Lies,” said Hong Yuye coldly.
Jiang Hao remained silent and followed her. He surveyed his surroundings, afraid that these people would provoke Hong Yuye somehow.
The higher the cultivation level, the more ordinary people are looked down upon.
In the eyes of powerful people, the lives of others are as insignificant as mayflies.
Hong Yuye had formidable strength and wouldn’t hesitate to kill anyone. However, what surprised him was that they had already arrived at the city gate, yet no one paid them any attention.
He was relieved. It must be Hong Yuye’s doing. She must have cast some spell to make them seem ordinary.
“I’ll stay in Fallen City for three days. Find a place to stay,” said Hong Yuye when they were in the city square.
“There should be a decent inn ahead,” said Jiang Hao as he pointed to the road ahead.
Hong Yuye walked ahead. “Have you been here before?”
“Maybe,” Jiang Hao whispered as he looked at the road ahead.
He had indeed been here before, but it felt both familiar and unfamiliar. It was similar yet different from his impression of the streets. It was probably due to the changes over the past years. This place was… his hometown.
He had lived in this city until he was five years old. At first, he couldn’t remember properly, but he recalled everything as he walked deeper into the city.
Previously, he had thought of coming here to check on his family. His cultivation hadn’t been strong enough then.
Who would have thought he would be there so soon? Maybe he could go home and see what had happened to them.
He didn’t remember much about that home, only that he used to help fetch water, chop firewood, and cook in the courtyard.
Occasionally, he would endure his stepmother’s scolding. He didn’t have many pleasant memories of this place.
He clearly remembered the year of famine, when his stepmother had given him two steamed buns and drove him out of the house. After that, she sold him to the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao was filled with mixed emotions..