Chapter 122: Returning Home
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Here?”
While Jiang Hao was still feeling nostalgic, the voice of Hong Yuye suddenly pulled him back to reality.
They were standing in front of an inn. The board had “Cloud Inn” written on it.
Jiang Hao nodded.
He remembered that he used to dream of coming here to eat, but he had no money at that time. It was very surreal to feel that he finally had the money to do so.
Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye stood in front of the counter.
“Two rooms?” asked the middle-aged innkeeper.
Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. He hadn’t thought that anyone else could see Hong Yuye. Apparently, she wasn’t entirely invisible.
“Or one room for the two of you?” asked the innkeeper cautiously.
Jiang Hao glanced at Hong Yuye in fear. However, she appeared as calm as ever.
She felt his gaze on her and turned to look at him. It looked like she was mocking him. Jiang Hao requested two rooms instead of one.
The Cloud Inn had six floors. The first floor was the dining hall.
The second and third floors had ordinary rooms. They were called “Under Cloud”. The fourth and fifth floors had medium-sized rooms called “Mid-Cloud” and the sixth floor was called “Above Cloud”.
Jiang Hao asked for two rooms on the sixth floor. If he was alone, he wouldn’t mind staying in a simple room. But it was different with Hong Yuye by his side. A small mistake would cost him his life.
They got their keys and headed up.
Creak!
When they opened the door to the room, a pleasant fragrance wafted out.
It was an exquisite room with beds, tables, chairs, and a dressing table. There was a folding screen on one side with a painting on it.
Behind the folding screen was a wooden tub for bathing.
A table and some chairs were placed by the window to provide a scenic view of the city below.
Jiang Hao walked to the window and looked down. He could see the main road. Hong Yuye walked over and sat down on a chair, then pointed to the teapot.
Jiang Hao understood. He took out the Snow Queen Spring brand of tea leaves he had bought before. He then brewed a pot of tea and poured her a cup. Hong Yuye looked at the teacup and then glanced at Jiang Hao.
‘Is she dissatisfied with the tea?’ wondered Jiang Hao.
“Senior, what is it that you want to do in Fallen City?” asked Jiang Hao, trying to change the topic.
“I came here for this,” she said and placed a stone tablet on the table. “This can transmit secret messages. The message says that there will be a secret meeting in this city within three days.”
“Who sent the message?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I don’t know… we need to find that out,” said Hong Yuye as she pushed the tablet toward him. “You, specifically. I’ll teach you how to decipher the message later. ”
Jiang Hao had no choice but to accept the stone tablet. He didn’t know why she cared about the stone tablet and the message within it. The sun was shining brightly outside. It was scorchingly hot.
“Go buy an umbrella for me,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao nodded and headed out.
Standing at the entrance of the inn, he felt a bit sentimental. He had intended to make a trip to his house. Now seemed like a perfect time.
His house wasn’t far from here. It had been seventeen years since he had visited his home. He didn’t know how his family was.
Jiang Hao couldn’t understand what he was feeling. He wanted to go and take a look. However, he didn’t understand why he was so eager. Was it because he wanted to make sure they were doing well, or did he want to see them suffering like they used to?
Perhaps he would understand once he saw them. ‘Will they recognize me? Will they be shocked to see me?’
There were many questions he wanted answers to. Yet, at the same time, he just didn’t want to find out.
After a moment, he walked toward his house.
He passed by a place selling oil-paper umbrellas, and he bought one with red patterns.
Hong Yuye was always dressed in red, so he assumed she probably liked the color.
After putting the umbrella away, he continued on his way.
A short while later, he left the main road and headed toward the row of houses. The area wasn’t as bustling and lively as it used to be.
Jiang Hao stopped at a corner of an alley. A few paces ahead, he saw a house. It was the place where he had spent his childhood.
He hesitated. He stood there and stared at the house for a while.
Jiang Hao hoped he could catch a glimpse of the people who lived there. He wanted to know how they were. He waited a long time, but no one appeared outside the house.
‘They probably won’t recognize me… I was five when I was sold. I’m twenty-two now.’
Jiang Hao walked to the house and reached out a hand to knock on the door. He couldn’t bring himself to knock on the door.
Jiang Hao’s heart raced. He couldn’t face his family.
He took a deep breath to calm himself and knocked.
Jiang Hao stood still and waited. After a short while, footsteps could be heard from inside.
“Who is it?” asked an old woman.
The door opened slowly, and the old woman peeked out from the crack.
“Who are you?” Jiang Hao was taken aback.
“You’re funny,” she said. “You knock on my door and ask me who I am?” The old woman chuckled.
Jiang Hao was confused. “I’m sorry. Isn’t this the Jiang family’s residence?” “Jiang family?” The old woman thought for a moment. “I think it used to be.” “Used to be?” Jiang Hao was surprised. “I…
“Come in, child. My old man knows more about it than me.” The old woman opened the door wide and let him in.
“Thank you.” Jiang Hao bowed gratefully.
He saw the familiar courtyard. It had hardly changed at all.
“He’s in the backyard.” The old woman closed the door and led Jiang Hao toward the backyard.
Jiang Hao looked around. He passed by a stone table. He remembered sitting there and sneaking food away.
As he approached the living quarters, he recalled his stepmother’s voice yelling at him. “All you know is to eat!” she’d say. “Hurry and get some work done too!”
In the backyard, Jiang Hao saw that firewood was piled up in a corner. He was familiar with that place too. He used to chop firewood the whole day and fall asleep tired there.
Jiang Hao felt bittersweet with all the memories. He had wanted to see his family, but everything had changed.
“This person was asking for the Jiang family. You talk to him.” The old woman brought Jiang Hao to meet an old man and then left.
Jiang Hao saw an elderly man who was chopping firewood.
The man looked at Jiang Hao in astonishment. “Looking for the Jiang family, you say?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded. “I hope you can provide me with some information about them.”
“It’s been many years.” The man smiled. “Let me see…”
Jiang Hao took the man’s ax from his hand. “Take your time to think about it. I’ll help chop the firewood.”
“Very kind of you. Judging from your attire, you don’t seem like an ordinary person from around here,” said the old man. “Have you ever chopped firewood before?”
Even if Jiang Hao liked keeping a low profile, the old man was right. His attire wasn’t ordinary..