Chapter 124: Going Out Late At Night With The Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I was delayed…”
Jiang Hao walked to her. He was in the least danger with her. He wouldn’t risk his life by running away!
Jiang Hao realized that Hong Yuye hadn’t touched her tea.
Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao for a second longer but didn’t say anything.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He handed her the umbrella. He then went to wash the new tea set and placed it on the table.
He then brewed some tea he had bought recently. Hong Yuye watched Jiang Hao’s work. She didn’t say anything.
Jiang Hao placed a fresh cup of tea in front of her. She lifted it to her lips and took a sip.
“You’re quite good at this.” Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao.
“Of course, I will do my best to serve you,” said Jiang Hao reluctantly.
“You’re also quite good at lying.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything.
There was a knock on the door. Jiang Hao walked to the door, took the basin of water from the server’s hands, and then closed the door behind him.
He placed the basin on the table. “I found something.”
He took out the stone, crushed it, and placed the pieces in the basin of water.
The water began to ripple and bubble. There was something written on the surface.
“See you at the Mountain God Temple outside the city at midnight.”
“Take out the stone tablet I gave you,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. He could roughly guess why he had received the message from the Great Thousand God Sect.
The half of the stone tablet had been on him at that time.
When he took out the stone tablet, Hong Yuye told him to press his palms to it.
“Use all your strength and try to sense it.”
Jiang Hao was puzzled, but he did as he was told. A moment later, it fragmented into nine stone pieces.
There were also nine red lights around it. One red light was on a stone piece.
“Push the stone to the place where the red light is connected,” instructed Hong
Yuye.
Jiang Hao pushed the stone toward the red light. When the nine stone pieces were aligned to the nine red pinpricks of light, a rune was revealed.
It was as though a door had opened. A powerful force swept out of it.
Soon, he understood that there should be another of the stone pieces somewhere nearby. He also realized how the people from the Great Thousand God Sect had found him.
He felt a little relieved. At least, it hadn’t happened when he was at his old house. He didn’t want to put the elderly couple in danger.
“Senior, what is this?” asked Jiang Hao.
“The stone and the message belong to those in the Great Thousand God Sect. As for what they’re for, nobody knows at this point,” said Hong Yuye.
“There are other stone tablets? Where is it? Is it in this city?”
Hong Yuye nodded. “They must be in surrounding towns. We’ll have to search them one by one.”
Jiang Hao was a little shocked. It was such a surprising coincidence.
He wanted to find out more about his family. This way, he could do that too!
Jiang Hao suspected that Hong Yuye must be spying on him. This sheer coincidence seemed very timely. He didn’t dare ask her that, though.
Jiang Hao packed his things and planned to go back to his room to rest. Since he had gained clarity of mind, he needed to refine his cultivation and his abilities.
He took the teapot with him. After some hesitation, he left half the pastry for Hong Yuye.
After Jiang Hao left, Hong Yuye stared at the pastry for a long time. She broke off a piece and put it in her mouth. She frowned slightly.
Hong Yuye sipped her tea and then coughed a little.
Jiang Hao returned to his room. He then made some tea for himself and ate the pastry.
He was a little disappointed. When he was young, the pastry looked divine from outside the window. What he wouldn’t have done for a piece of it!
However, it tasted just ordinary. He ate it all anyway and drank the tea.
The tea had cost him fifty spirit stones. The taste was worse than the Snow Queen Spring tea.
He was surprised Hong Yuye hadn’t slammed him against the door for making her tea like this.
Jiang Hao then began to refine his cultivation. The clarity of his mind made it easier for him to calm down and focus on his cultivation.
“It’s almost time,” he muttered. Jiang Hao didn’t know what he would find at the Mountain God Temple, and he wondered whether his cultivation would be enough to protect himself if he faced danger. He was only in the late stage of the Golden Core Realm, after all.
“Let’s go, ” said a voice from outside his window.
He turned to look. Hong Yuye was hovering in the air outside his window. Jiang Hao got on his flying sword and followed her.
In a short while, the two arrived outside the city. The Mountain God Temple was just up ahead.
The Mountain God Temple looked slightly dilapidated, but there was a fire burning inside.
It seemed that someone was inside.
Jiang Hao sensed that there were three people, one in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm and two in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
This surprised him. He didn’t feel that they were someone from the Great Thousand God Sect.
“Senior?” He looked at Hong Yuye.
“You don’t have to look at me. I only followed you to watch,” said Hong Yuye.
“I’m not going to lift a finger. You got the message, so go in.”
“But senior…” Jiang Hao was worried.
However, before he could say anything further, he felt a powerful aura envelop him.
“Do you have a problem?” asked Hong Yuye. “No. Not at all!”
The powerful aura dissipated. Jiang Hao sighed.
‘Do I have to fight alone if it comes to it?’
He still felt like the people inside were not from the Great Thousand God Sect. Maybe the message had been a fake…
He did not sense anything for now, so he waited outside.
Past midnight, Jiang Hao sensed the stone tablets nearby. The enemy must be nearby!
‘There should be a reason they are luring people here.’
Jiang Hao hesitated and then walked toward the Mountain God Temple.
His arrival was quickly detected by the person in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm.
However, the other person did not make a move. When Jiang Hao reached right in front of the temple, somebody spoke in a deep voice.
“The two of you are here to stay?”
Jiang Hao walked in with Hong Yuye by his side. As soon as they entered, Jiang Hao felt that the person had activated a restrictive formation around them. It trapped them inside.
‘These three came prepared,’ thought Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao looked at the center of the temple. A man and a woman were peacefully setting up a place to make a small fire.
They were momentarily surprised when they saw Jiang Hao enter.
At the very front was a middle-aged man. He was meditating with his eyes closed. Jiang Hao knew that he had been the one to speak.
Jiang Hao sensed danger. His study of the nameless manual had taught him to sense people’s aura.
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal without hesitation..