Chapter 125: Being Too Cautious
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[PO Lang: Disciple of the Great Thousand God Sect, one of the owners of the Secret Message Slate. His main mission is to collect intelligence and pass on information. When he discovered your arrival, he knew that the slate had changed owners. In order to know the truth, he used a magic treasure to isolate the slate’s aura and set up an inescapable net here, waiting for you to take the bait.]
Jiang Hao finally understood. The person who had lured him was always hiding here. He had neglected everything else because of the stone tablet.
“Fellow disciple, are you not going to sit?” PO Lang opened his eyes.
“No, thanks.” Jiang Hao took out his Half-Moon Blade. “I’m only here for some work. I don’t need to stay here.”
PO Lang smiled and looked at Jiang Hao. “The night is long. Why don’t we sit down and talk?”
Jiang Hao didn’t want to waste any time. He wouldn’t have minded sitting down with the person at any other time. This time, Hong Yuye was with him.
The longer he delayed, the more dangerous it would be for him.
“I’ll make it short.” Jiang Hao looked at PO Lang coldly. “Do you have the Secret
Message Tablet? Do you know who is behind the stone tablets?”
The entire Mountain God Temple fell silent. The only sound was the crackling of the fire.
“Fellow Disciple, what are you talking about?” PO Lang asked.
Jiang Hao remained calm.
PO Lang fell silent. “How could you tell?”
“Stop pretending and get to the point,” said Jiang Hao.
“Although the stone tablets are used to transmit messages, they don’t belong to those who use them. You two are really bold going around trying to offend people,” said PO Lang.
“Do you know where the other stone tablets are? Or do you know who we will offend?” Jiang Hao asked again.
“I know a little about it, but why should I tell you?” PO Lang slowly stood up. “You are only in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, while that woman is in the late stage. Why should I tell you what you want to know?”
Clang!
Jiang Hao unsheathed his Half-Moon Blade. The Demonic Sound Thousand Miles circulated. He arrived in front of PO Lang in the blink of an eye.
The sudden attack surprised PO Lang. What terrified him was that he actually felt a chill when Jiang Hao slashed at him with his saber.
He activated his protective Dharma treasure. However, the treasure shattered as the saber swung at him.
Boom!
The knife landed on PO Lang’s neck, and the Mountain God stone statue behind him shattered.
“Are you willing to tell me now?” asked Jiang Hao.
“You…” PO Lang was in disbelief. “You aren’t in the Foundation Establishment
Clang!
The blade flashed and PO Lang’s neck was cut open. Blood spurted out.
“Tell me! Where are the other stone tablets? Who is behind this?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I don’t know much about the people behind this,” said PO Lang with difficulty.
“Go on,” said Jiang Hao.
“I hid my stone tablet somewhere else. You didn’t notice it because it was too far away,” said PO Lang.
Jiang Hao knew he was lying. “Where are the others?”
“The other stone tablets are distributed throughout the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. I only know that there are traces of them in two places. One is in the neighboring Heavenly Earth City, and the other is in a small sect…”
At this moment, the two other people in their Foundation Establishment Realm launched a sneak attack on Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao sighed. “Why even bother?”
He slashed at PO Lang. He used the first form of Heavenly Blade, Moon -Slaying.
PO Lang’s head was severed from his shoulders. It killed him instantly.
PO Lang spent his last moments in disbelief. He hadn’t even finished telling Jiang Hao about the other stone tablet, and yet he had killed him!
After PO Lang’s death, the two others fell silent.
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. He wondered if the clones had independent thoughts. He turned to them and raised his saber. He killed the woman with one slash. The man tried to escape.
He used the Moon-Slaying technique once again.
After that, he stabbed PO Lang twice to make sure he was really dead.
Jiang Hao stayed there for a moment. He wanted to make sure their spirits weren’t extending to a new clone and feeding it.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief when he found out that it wasn’t so. Hong Yuye just watched everything in silence.
When Jiang Hao started to search for storage treasures, she said, “Aren’t you being too cautious?”
“The cultivation world is a very dangerous place. It’s only right to be careful.” Jiang Hao picked up the storage treasure.
He found a mark on it. He wiped it away and opened the treasure.
Jiang Hao found 3623 spirit stones inside. He had four hundred spirit stones on him. He now had around 4,100 spirit stones!
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. The most profitable thing in the cultivation world was still robbing other people.
After collecting the spirit stones, he skimmed through the rest of the things. He found some pills, but none of them were of any use to him.
The spirit pills below the level of the peak of the Golden Core Realm were of no use to him. He could only sell those.
Jiang Hao suddenly recalled that he had a lot of pills on him. He wanted to find an opportunity to sell those.
If he could save up to ten thousand spirit stones on the trip, he could probably head back and continue awakening the spirit beast’s bloodline.
He also found a box and a sword.
Hong Yuye waved her hand and two Foundation Establishment storage magic treasures appeared in her hands.
After checking it, she casually threw it away.
“Have you found it?” she asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded. He showed her the small box and the sword. “This box can block being detected. The stone tablet is probably in it.”
Jiang Hao examined the sword. When he unsheathed it, it gave off strange energy fluctuations. The sword glowed with a faint blue light. It was like the calm surface of a still lake. The craftsmanship was exquisite.
Jiang Hao used his spiritual energy and found that it could completely withstand the power peak of the Golden Core Realm. It was a good sword.
‘How many spirit stones would it cost for a sword like this? Ten thousand…
Twenty thousand?’
He was a little worried. Spiritual swords were expensive, but they were not easy to sell.
He put away the sword. There was a boom and the box flipped open. Hong Yuye had opened it.
There was a stone tablet inside!
The stone tablet flew to Hong Yuye’s hands.
Just when they were about to leave, they heard footsteps outside.
“Thief, come out! You stole my spirit sword! Don’t even think about escaping from this place alive!”
Jiang Hao was stunned.
Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye walked out of the temple. There was a man and two women outside.
The man was dressed in white and had a powerful aura. He looked cold and aloof.
One of the women was dressed in blue and the other in white.
Jiang Hao tried to find out their cultivation realms. The man and the woman in white were at the peak of the Golden Core Realm.
The blue-robed woman was slightly weaker than an early-stage Golden Core Realm cultivator.
These three people were powerful.. How were there so many Golden Core Realm cultivators in this place?