Chapter 126: Getting Rich Overnight
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was surprised.
The blue-robed woman looked at Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye. “Who are you?” she asked.
“Who are you?” Jiang Hao asked her back.
The appearance of these people made him feel helpless. He didn’t want to fight them all. They weren’t weak, after all.
He was worried that Hong Yuye might do something, but when he glanced at her, she seemed as indifferent as ever.
“Where is the thief? He stole my sword. Are you with him?” asked the blue-robed woman.
She thought she was facing two people in their Foundation Establishment Realm, so she was confident.
“Junior Sister Lan, don’t be like that.” The man at the back reprimanded her.
He turned to Jiang Hao and bowed. “Hello. Junior Sister Lan said someone stole her sword. He was supposed to be hiding here in the temple. Have you seen him?”
“It must be inside. I can sense my sword here,” said Lan impatiently.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly and took out the sword. “Is this the sword you’re looking for?”
Lan was going to say something, but the man, Fang Jin, stopped her.
“This is indeed the sword. We didn’t expect it would fall into your hands. How about this? I have a Heavenly Rejuvenation Pill with me. Can I exchange that for the sword? I’m sure it’ll be of some use to you.”
The man handed Jiang Hao the pill. He recognized it immediately. Pills like these cost seven thousand spirit stones.
Jiang Hao nodded and handed them the sword. Lan heaved a sigh of relief.
She didn’t understand why Fang Jin had stopped her from speaking. She felt it was such a waste to give away such an important and valuable pill.
“Is there anything else?” Jiang Hao asked.
The three people still blocked the path. “There is indeed a small matter,” said Fang Jin. “We need to talk about something with PO Lang. I wonder if you could tell us where he went.”
“He was in the temple,” said Jiang Hao and walked forward. Hong Yuye didn’t say anything but followed behind him.
“He is just in the middle stage ot the Foundation Establishment Realm. How can he be so calm in front of us?” said Lan indignantly.
“Don’t try to cause any trouble. I don’t think they are as simple as they look, ” said the white-robed woman.
“Let’s go in and take a look,” said Fang Jin.
“There is a formation. When we rushed here, the formation seemed to lose its… effectiveness. But we need to be careful,” said the white-robed woman.
Fang Jin nodded. He was the first to enter the temple. Even if he was in the Golden Core Realm, he did not dare to be careless.
He was stunned.
“Senior Brother Fang, is something wrong?” asked Lan from behind him.
“Nothing’s wrong,” said Fang Jin.
“Why were you in there for a while then?” asked Lan. She followed them inside.
They saw PO Lang’s corpse on the ground. Lan stared at it in disbelief.
“Other than the damage to the stone statue at the back, there is no other sign of a fighting that went on here,” said the white-robed woman. ‘He was killed in one move.”
This person was at the peak of the Golden Core Realm… He was powerful,” said Fang Jin.
The white-robed woman was deep in thought. “Even I might not be able to do this. The person who attacked PO Lang used a saber.”
“Who did it?” Lan asked and glanced at them. “The two people from before…”
“Who else?”
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief when he finally entered the city.
“Why didn’t you kill them too?” asked Hong Yuye.
“They are from the Bright Moon Sect. I saw their jade plates,” said Jiang Hao. “Killing them would have a huge impact… They don’t know us, so I saw no need to silence them.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao was speechless. He had completely forgotten that he was supposed to pretend to be in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm!
Hong Yuye gave him an amused smile and disappeared from the spot.
A voice rang in his ear. “Head to Heavenly Earth City the day after tomorrow.”
Jiang Hao looked at the sky and realized that it was almost dawn. He wondered if there was a mine nearby. He wanted to mine and collect bubbles.
Unfortunately, he didn’t dare leave the city. He couldn’t travel far from Hong Yuye. He would be completely exposed. He had a feeling that it was her who kept their location a secret.
The person who loved Yun Ruo seemed to hate him to no end. He was bloodthirsty enough to have Jiang Hao killed. The Sunset Immortal Sect might know by now that Jiang Hao had left the sect. They would be hot on his trail.
“I wonder if there’s a market here.” Jiang Hao wanted to sell the things he had on him.
He also wanted to buy talisman-making materials and tea leaves.
After returning to his room, Jiang Hao began to study the third form from the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade.
Although it was difficult, he could not afford to put it off any longer.
His cultivation was stable now, especially after returning from a visit to his old house.
The next day, Jiang Hao stood by the window and looked at the city below. He was leaving the next day, so he probably wouldn’t have a chance to come back for a visit.
In the past, he had a family and a home here. Now, there was nothing left for him in this city.
Jiang Hao decided to take a stroll around the city.
He had been extremely cautious for over ten years. Today, he could relax, especially since he had the protection of Hong Yuye.
As he left his room and walked through the corridor, a door to the left opened. Fang Jin came out of the room.
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. He nodded at him in greeting and headed downstairs.
“Please wait a moment,” said Fang Jin from behind.
“Yes?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I would like to invite you for a drink. I heard that there is a new Drunken
Immortal Restaurant nearby.”
Jiang Hao hesitated and then nodded. He needed to find out more about the Bright Moon Sect anyway. His mission was to snatch a disciple from under their noses and recruit them to the Heavenly Note Sect.
‘Let’s see how strong they are…’
If he failed, he would have to pay three thousand spirit stones.
He had that much money on him now. It didn’t matter if he failed, but he at least had to try..