Chapter 128: The Demoness Robbed My Spirit Stones
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Looking at the people kneeling by the river, Jiang Hao smiled. Those people were worshiping the river god in gratitude for saving the child. He didn’t mind.
It wasn’t as though he was afraid to take the credit. He just didn’t want to leave a trace. It would be troublesome to do so.
The adults scolded the children for being careless. Jiang Hao turned around and left. It was impossible for parents to keep an eye on their children all the time, especially when they were poor and had to work.
As the sky grew dark, Jiang Hao inexplicably found himself back at his old home. He stood at the doorstep for a while and hesitated. Finally, he lightly knocked on the door.
The old woman, who opened the door, recognized Jiang Hao. But when she wanted to invite him inside, he shook his head. “No, I came to ask for a favor from the two of you.”
“Wait a moment.” The old woman turned around and shouted, “Honey, come quick!”
Her voice wasn’t loud and seemed a bit strained. When someone responded from inside, the old woman turned back to Jiang Hao with a smile. “My memory isn’t very good.”
Jiang Hao smiled and nodded, indicating his understanding. Soon, the old man came out and looked at Jiang Hao in surprise. “Young man, is there something you need?”
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment. “If anyone from the Jiang family comes here in the future, could I trouble you two to convey my message to them?”
“What is it?” asked the old man curiously.
Jiang Hao was silent for a while. “Please tell them that their son is still alive. Although it’s been tough, I’ve been doing well. Also, please tell them I don’t hate them or blame them in any way.”
The old couple were very surprised to hear this.
“If anybody comes here, I’ll definitely tell them,” said the old man. “Even if we die or leave from here, we’ll entrust the task to someone else. Rest assured.’
Jiang Hao bowed and thanked them. Then, he turned around and left. He had done everything he could. He had tried his best. Now, his mind was truly free from distractions. He wouldn’t have any regrets when he left tomorrow.
However, there was one lie in his words. He did resent them. But this resentment was strange. Was he resentful because they sold him, or because they left so quickly without waiting for him to come back? He couldn’t distinguish between the two.
The next day, Jiang Hao left the inn with Hong Yuye. That morning, the second stone tablet had been thrown at him, probably to attract others. He was the bait set by Hong Yuye, waiting for other fishes to fall into the trap. Unlike normal fishing, Hong Yuye, as the angler, had no intention of exerting any effort. The bait was expected to solve the problem on its own.
Jiang Hao had no objections. In fact, he was willing to do it. PO Lang had earned him several thousand spiritual stones overnight, and even if other people weren’t as wealthy, he could still earn a considerable income.
‘It is no wonder people like heading out of the sect…’ However, Jiang Hao understood that the risk was also greater outside the sect.
Shaking his head, Jiang Hao paid and left the inn.
“Thank you for staying with us. Please visit again,” said the innkeeper.
For a moment, he felt quite affluent in the town, completely free from the financial constraints of the sect’s affairs. Yet, he still felt that he didn’t have enough spiritual stones to spend. Fortunately, he had made a good haul from the robbery, significantly increasing his wealth. Thinking about it made him quite happy.
“A few thousand spirit stones make you that happy?” Hong Yuye asked, holding the oil-paper umbrella.
Jiang Hao touched his face self-consciously. ‘Am I that obvious? Did I smile or something?’
He wasn’t worried about what others thought of him. He could remain calm around them. However, in the presence of Hong Yuye, the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison lost its effect. He became restless around her. It wasn’t surprising that she could see through his emotions.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
It was noon, and Hong Yuye was walking slowly under the sun with her umbrella over her head.
“If you continue to receive more spirit stones, will you become more arrogant?” she asked casually.
Jiang Hao didn’t know how he would change if he had more spiritual stones. But he would definitely restrain himself from doing something stupid. Several thousand or tens of thousands of spiritual stones wouldn’t cause a significant change in his attitude.
“No, because I still need to buy good tea for you, Senior,” said Jiang Hao humbly. “These spiritual stones aren’t enough.”
“How much is a Heavenly Rejuvenation Pill worth?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Three thousand to ten thousand,” Jiang Hao replied without hesitation.
Hong Yuye stopped walking and looked at Jiang Hao. “That is some extreme market prices. Would the pill sell for seven thousand spirit stones?”
“Probably.”
“How much is the Azure Red tea?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Ten thousand spirit stones for 1 kg,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao had a bad feeling about this. “So, you obtained around three thousand spirit stones from PO Lang. If you sell the pill for seven thousand, you’d have a total of ten thousand spirit stones. Remember to buy me some good tea, so I won’t hold it against you for twice serving me inferior tea leaves.’
After saying that, Hong Yuye walked forward. She didn’t even give Jiang Hao the chance to refuse. Jiang Hao stood still, feeling like he had fallen from a great height to the bottom of a valley in an instant.
Jiang Hao sighed and followed Hong Yuye. No matter how many spirit stones he earned, it seemed he couldn’t be happy in this life.
He only hoped Hong Yuye wouldn’t put him on some new tasks with the spirit stones he earned later.
“Oh, by the way,” said Hong Yuye from up ahead. “Remember to keep the previous teapot and use it to make tea in the future.”
“Alright.” Jiang Hao nodded. He had put away the tea set this morning and kept it for brewing tea on their journey.
Being by the side of a powerful individual meant not having to worry about safety, but he still had to do everything else himself.
“And remember to put those two stones tablets together,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao nodded. He was curious about what was behind these stone tablets. He could appraise them when they took a break later. There was no hurry.
For some reason, he didn’t dare to casually use the Daily Appraisal in front of
Hong Yuye.
With her intelligence and strength, she might figure out the function of his divine ability.
“Do you have any more clues, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
When they walked out of the Fallen City, Jiang Hao momentarily looked back. However, he didn’t feel as nostalgic as before.
“Nothing for now, but finding another one should reveal some information,” Hong Yuye said calmly.
She glanced at Jiang Hao. ” Do you feel reluctant to leave this city?”
“I… not really,” said Jiang Hao. “There’s nothing in this city that I’m attached to anymore.”
After all, his stepmother and his father weren’t here anymore. Jiang Hao had held onto some hope that he might have a younger sibling someday.
But now…
There wasn’t anyone in the city that he cared about.
There really wasn’t a single person.
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao for a few seconds longer. She was a bit surprised that he wasn’t lying this time.
Then, the two of them quickly walked away from the main road..
 