Chapter 129: Killing The Enemy With One Slash
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
This time, Jiang Hao didn’t feel any spatial changes.
Instead, he saw the surrounding scene rapidly receding.
They were advancing at a speed that ordinary cultivators could not comprehend.
At this speed, they might reach Heavenly Earth City in two hours.
“Senior, don’t you want to enjoy the surrounding scenery?” Jiang Hao curiously asked while looking around.
“It’s not certain that we’ll find clues when we reach the destination. There might be clues on the Secret Message Tablet along the way.” Hong Yuye looked ahead and continued to move forward a little more slowly.
“Have you inquired about Heavenly Earth City?”
Jiang Hao was stunned.
Hong Yuye stopped in her tracks, and a vast aura burst forth.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao immediately nodded.
“Tell me.” Hong Yuye continued moving forward.
At this moment, they passed by a wine pavilion. Hong Yuye put away the oil-paper umbrella and sat in the wine pavilion.
She seemed to want a drink.
Seeing this, Jiang Hao took out a teacup for her. ” I heard from the Bright Moon Sect that PO Lang and the others might have captured some important people. Possibly a talented child who hasn’t begun cultivating. Their talent might be extraordinary.”
“Do they mention any specific location?” Hong Yuye asked, holding the teacup.
“No, but those who cooperated with PO Lang were most likely their own people. Perhaps, the Heavenly Earth City’s Zuo Lan was among them. I just didn’t know if their goal had anything to do with the Secret Message Tablet.”
There was someone behind the tablets, and the person who carried the tablets did what the mastermind intended. The Great Thousand God Sect was working for them too.
The Heavenly Note Sect also had people from the Great Thousand God Sect. Their goal might be to snatch away the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
But how had that attracted Hong Yuye’s attention?
There might be something more to it.
“What would you like to order?” asked the owner as he walked over to them.
Jiang Hao glanced at him with his brows slightly furrowed. The man appeared middle-aged and slightly overweight. He looked like an amiable teacher. He was quite ordinary.
However, Jiang Hao could sense that the man wasn’t ordinary. His strength was restrained, and his spiritual energy was abundant.
He was in the Golden Core Realm. Jiang Hao thought he must be either in the middle or the late stage.
“A bottle of good wine and a pot of hot water,” Jiang Hao replied.
“Alright, please wait a moment.” The man smiled.
Jiang Hao looked around. The owner wasn’t the only one in the wine pavilion. There was also a lady. She looked like an ordinary woman, but her aura was powerful. She was at the Golden Core Realm too.
At the other two tables, there was a family of three. There was a young couple with a young boy at the table. They ate steamed buns. They were non-cultivators.
There was also a table with four men. One among them was in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm and three were in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Their auras were unstable, and they were probably injured. They looked highly strung and on guard against something.
‘What are these people doing?’ Jiang Hao was puzzled.
He had no intention of getting involved. Hong Yuye had brought him here, so he had come along. Did she want him to do something?
Jiang Hao sighed wearily.
When the water was ready, Jiang Hao took out Snow Queen Spring tea and brewed it for Hong Yuye.
A moment later, spiritual energy wafted out, attracting the attention of the men nearby. Even the owner and the lady glanced at them.
Perhaps such tea was something luxurious for them. If he had made the Red Azure tea, would they have attacked him instead?
Jiang Hao didn’t think too much about it. He still needed to buy the Red Azure tea.
After being unable to refuse Hong Yuye, he had also come to accept the situation. Perhaps there would be some additional income later on. Hopefully, it would fill the pit of the three thousand spirit stones that the Law Enforcement Hall would make in his pocket.
Hong Yuye drank tea, while Jiang Hao drank wine.
Although the people beside them occasionally glanced at them, they did not do anything else.
Jiang Hao saw that the family of three was about to leave.
“Father, can you buy me a toy this time?” asked the little boy expectantly.
The man smiled and nodded. “Yes.”
“Then it’s a promise you have to keep!” said the little boy.
The woman looked helplessly.
The three of them were just about to walk out when three people covered in scarlet flames appeared in front of them.
The man in the lead looked pale and ferocious.
“Please wait.” He Chang stopped the family of three. “I’m going to use the B100(
Soul Banner later. I hope you can stay and be a sacrifice for me.”
“Sir…” The man pulled the child back. “We have some silver here.”
He handed over his money, hoping that his family would be allowed to leave safely.
He Chang slapped the silver coins out of the man’s hand. “Stay quiet and wait for a while.’
A blood-red saber appeared in his hand. The blade reeked of blood.
He swung the large sword, intending to sever the legs of the three people in front of him. A surge of blood-red aura instantly surged. Seeing this terrifying sight, the husband and wife instinctively held onto their child in fear.
It seemed like they wanted to block the incoming strike.
Clang!
Just as the large sword was about to strike the three individuals, Jiang Hao threw his cup at the attacker. The man with the raised sword was in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm, and the man and woman behind him were both in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Their auras carried a bloody scent, indicating that they were disciples of the Blood Fiend Sect from a distant region. The Blood Fiend Sect was not a large sect and was ranked very low when compared to other sects.
Golden Core Realm was the highest achievement in such sects. Nobody achieved a level beyond that.
“Why bother troubling ordinary people?” Jiang Hao asked softly.
He didn’t want to get involved, but he couldn’t help himself. Although he wasn’t as strong, he knew his limit. If it was someone he couldn’t deal with, he would’ve stayed quiet. However, when he had the ability to help someone, he couldn’t just sit and watch.
“Mid -Foundation Establishment Realm…” He Chang looked at Jiang Hao in contempt. He then glanced at Hong Yuye. “Late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm… I was just looking for some non-cultivators, but you two will do.”
At this moment, Hong Yuye, who was drinking tea, showed no change in her demeanor.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly.
Clang!
He unsheathed his Half-Moon Blade. He used the second form, Mountain Suppression.
The saber rose, and the power of a hundred mountains pressed down.
A mere early-stage Golden Core Realm cultivator was simply unable to withstand the terrifying aura.
Whoosh!
The saber swung.
Clang!
The Half-Moon Blade returned to its sheath.
As for He Chang, he turned into a blood clot and fell to the ground.
This shocked everyone.
The two Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators behind He Chang were so frightened that they retreated.
They were about to flee. However, Jiang Hao made a move with the Half-Moon Blade, and moonlight emerged.
It was the Moon-Slaying technique!
With a slash, the two people’s heads were severed.
Jiang Hao turned to the family of three. “Pick up your silver coins and leave.” “T-Thank you…” The three people bowed to Jiang Hao gratefully.
Then the man picked up the silver coins from the floor and the family left in a hurry.
Jiang Hao continued drinking his wine.
“Why did you attack?” asked Hong Yuye as she sipped her tea..