Chapter 130: I Didn’t Want To Draw My Saber, But The Demoness Forced Me
Jiang Hao looked at Hong Yuye. “Because they dared to disrespect you, Senior.”
“Are you worried that I would blame you, or do you think more people would die if I took action?” Hong Yuye casually asked while sipping her tea.
Her voice was calm and indifferent as if she didn’t care about the lives of those around her.
“I was worried about dirtying Senior’s hands. It’s sufficient for someone like me to kill such people,” Jiang Hao respectfully replied.
“So full of lies.” Hong Yuye continued to drink her tea.
It seemed that she was accustomed to Jiang Hao lying. Seeing this, Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief.
There was a bit of truth in Jiang Hao’s lie. He really didn’t want the disciples from the Blood Fiend Sect to make Hong Yuye angry. If they had succeeded in that, she might have killed everyone indiscriminately.
By acting preemptively, Jiang Hao could control the situation. As long as Hong
Yuye was present, he wouldn’t hesitate to draw his sword when necessary. He
just couldn’t figure out why the Blood Fiend Sect had come here.
‘Logically, one of the four people is at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm and three are at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. The Blood Fiend Sect had dared to target the family in this place because they knew that those men were injured. These four people should know that they will be targeted. If they still continue to stay here, it must mean they have some ulterior motive.’
Jiang Hao looked at the shop owner and his wife.
“This place isn’t far from Heavenly Earth City. If something happens, it’s probably related to Zuo Lan or even the Great Thousand Divine Sect. After all, disciples from the Bright Moon Sect have been drawn here.”
Having made a rough guess, he decided to ask the people nearby. His own strength had already been exposed, so there was no need to hide anything.
However, before he could speak, the four individuals stood up and asked for the bill. They were leaving.
“Wait a moment,” Jiang Hao called out to them.
The four men trembled in fear. Jiang Hao’s strength was evident to all.
One slash had killed a cultivator at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. If that slash were directed at them, they would have no chance of escaping death.
After all, they were more injured than He Chang.
The middle-aged man who seemed to be the leader looked at Jiang Hao and smiled. “Senior, is there something you need?”
His name was Zhao Sha.
“I want to ask you a few questions” Jiang Hao put down his wine cup and turned to Zhao Sha. “Why did those three people approach you just now?”
The four people turned pale at that question. Even the shop owner and his wife paused for a moment but quickly resumed their work.
“We heard that the Blood Fiend Sect conspired with Heavenly Earth City to capture disciples with a talent for cultivation,” said Zhao Sha. “We discovered one of their important bases, but we didn’t expect to be caught by them. They chased us all the way here. We intended to stay here and lure them into pursuing us along the way. However, we were discovered.”
“Whose people are you?” Jiang Hao asked.
“We are from Fallen City… from the Zhao family,” Zhao Sha replied respectfully.
“Where is that base located?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s just outside Heavenly Earth City, by the heavenly Lake,” Zhao Sha answered.
“You all can leave,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
Upon hearing this, the four individuals departed in relief. They were scared that Jiang Hao might change his mind and attack them.
“What do you think of their words?” Hong Yuye asked casually while sipping her tea.
“They probably weren’t truthful about all of it, but I feel like they didn’t lie about the location,” said Jiang Hao.
The four individuals had found something at the base. Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal to find out that it was a book. If it wasn’t the stone tablet, he wasn’t interested.
Hong Yuye remained silent and continued drinking her tea. After a while, she got up and turned to leave.
Jiang Hao cleaned the teacup and picked up two storage treasures dropped by the Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators. The Golden Core treasure was gone, probably shattered by the sword strike.
“Oh, by the way…” Jiang Hao turned to the shop owner. “Do you know someone named Zuo Lan?”
“I heard he is in Heavenly Earth City. He sells information. You can inquire at the market to know more about him,” the shop owner said politely.
Jiang Hao nodded and thanked him. Then, he turned and left with Hong Yuye.
The shop owner heaved a sigh of relief when he saw them leave. He suspected that he had been exposed, but those two people had been drinking tea the whole time and never paid any attention to him.
Zhao Sha and the others left, but everyone could see that something was wrong.
He had expected Jiang Hao to ask about Zuo Lan. However, he hadn’t asked until after the debacle. At that point, the shop owner didn’t dare to keep silent when asked.
“I’m done packing,” said the shop owner’s wife.
“Let’s go far away from here. I don’t know who led us here. This place is getting more and more complicated, and the Heavenly Note Sect might intervene. We definitely don’t want to be dragged into this.”
The shop owner sighed wearily and fled with his wife.
In the evening, Hong Yuye and Jiang Hao arrived in front of Heavenly Earth City.
There were fewer people coming in and out here compared to Fallen City, and the street facilities were also somewhat lacking.
Fortunately, they found a similar inn. It was also called the Cloud Inn, with six floors.
“Two rooms on the cloud.” Jiang Hao took out some silver coins and placed them on the counter.
“Sorry,” the innkeeper said awkwardly. ‘We don’t have any rooms available.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He sensed that there weren’t many guests staying at all.
“Did an important client book the whole place?” Jiang Hao asked softly.
The shopkeeper looked troubled. “Sir, this is just an ordinary inn. I hope you can understand.”
Jiang Hao glanced at Hong Yuye. She looked back. She looked calm as always and watched what he would do in such a situation.
Jiang Hao sighed and took out his Half-Moon Blade.
He wanted to avoid trouble, but Hong Yuye always complicated things for him.
Clang!
He unsheathed the Half-Moon Blade.
Moonlight appeared, and he slashed at the sixth level.
Moonlight radiated as he slashed toward the sixth floor.
Boom!
A sword light appeared, countering Jiang Hao’s attack.
A middle-aged man flew out of the room, frowning as he looked at Jiang Hao.
But before the man could speak, Jiang Hao took a step forward, arrived in front of him, and swung his saber again.
Clang!
After exchanging two moves, Jiang Hao lifted the Half-Moon Blade and brought it down heavily.
Boom!
With a single slash, he broke the man’s longsword and cut through his chest. The middle-aged man fell heavily to the ground.
This person wasn’t strong, and Jiang Hao had intentionally restrained himself to avoid leveling the entire inn with a single strike.
At this moment, the other people in the inn appeared. When they saw Jiang Hao hurting someone, they attacked together.
They were merely at the middle to late Foundation Establishment stage.
Jiang Hao didn’t even draw his sword and managed to severely wound them, throwing them to the ground.
Now, he approached the first middle-aged man who had appeared. “I want to stay at the inn…”
“Who are you?” asked the man.
Clang!
Jiang Hao drew his saber and slashed, severing the man’s neck. Blood spurted everywhere.
Jiang Hao spoke calmly.
“I want to stay at the inn. I heard you’ve booked the entire place. Can you give us two rooms here?”
The group of people trembled in fear, and no one dared to refuse. In the end, Jiang Hao left two silver coins on the counter and led Hong Yuye upstairs..
 