Chapter 131: Who’s Ugly?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao followed behind Hong Yuye and arrived at the sixth floor.
Along the way, he felt somewhat sentimental,
He was always taught to keep a low profile when being away from home. However, those people downstairs didn’t understand that simple principle. They booked the entire inn and made it inconvenient for the others. When people travel far and wide and finally arrive at a place only to be denied a place to stay even after paying properly, they are bound to feel resentful. There were many demonic sects in the vicinity. Why were they deliberately trying to invite trouble?
Jiang Hao hadn’t kept a low profile for himself along the way either. However, if he hadn’t done anything, Hong Yuye would have. That would have turned significantly disastrous.
“Senior, can I ask you a question?” Jiang Hao asked.
At this moment, Hong Yuye was sitting by the window, watching the setting sun on the horizon.
After brewing tea, Jiang Hao poured her a cup. “Others see you in a different light… I wonder if they see me the same way?”
This question piqued Hong Yuye’s interest. She looked at Jiang Hao. “Might be, except… you’re a bit ugly.”
Jiang Hao didn’t understand what Hong Yuye meant, but he didn’t dare to ask further. One small misstep could result in crashing into a wall.
After drinking some tea, Hong Yuye turned to him. “Stay here for the next few days and try to find clues about the third tablet. Find a way to contact others who possess the tablets. I’ve already taught you how to use the tablets.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Hong Yuye didn’t set a time limit, but he had a time limit of his own. Four or five days had passed out of the three months. There was still time.
Back in his room, Jiang Hao took out the two stone tablets. He tried to sense the presence of other tablets but found nothing. These people had the ability to block the search for the tablets. He had no intention of blocking them. It would be better if they came looking for him. However, if he wanted them to find him, Jiang Hao needed to leave the inn. They wouldn’t be able to sense his location when he was with Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao used Daily Appraisal on the first tablet.
[Secret Message Tablet: A Dharma Treasure refined for the purpose of seeking worldly treasures. Approaching significant treasures will alert the owner of the treasure. The tablets can communicate with each other and search for locations. Three tablets combined to form one entity, and nine tablets combined to form another, each granting different permissions. This tablet has been influenced by Hong Yuye, making it impossible for the owner of the treasure to perceive nearby treasures or exert influence.]
Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. The owner behind this tablet was actually searching for treasures. Had he already become involved in hunting whatever treasure the person was looking for?
He didn’t know about such matters, but the last sentence put his mind at ease. This tablet was currently safe. However, the fact that the tablets could be combined into three or nine pieces meant that there were at least nine secret language tablets.
“Is three months enough time to find them all?”
If he obtained another tablet, he could combine them. There was still hope.
“I just don’t know if the owner of the treasure is the person Hong Yuye is looking for,” Jiang Hao couldn’t figure it out. Perhaps someone had acquired the treasure and then dispersed the tablets to achieve their goal.
For a moment, Jiang Hao wondered if the person behind the tablet had offended Hong Yuye somehow, or if Hong Yuye wanted to snatch the treasure for herself.
He recalled the second time he had met Hong Yuye. She had said that she wanted the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower because she liked it.
Now, seeing that the secret language tablet could be used to find treasures, it was not surprising for her to want it.
Jiang Hao couldn’t understand. All of this was unrelated to him, so he didn’t dwell much on it. He needed to find Zuo Lan as soon as possible and find the next stone tablet. He had to return to the sect within three months.
“The wine shop owner mentioned a market. It might be a market for cultivators. I’ll go out and have a look tomorrow. I can sell the pills I have on me. If there’s time, I can also look around. Maybe I’ll be able to find…”
He wanted to find his stepmother and his father. If they weren’t in this city, he would forget about them for good. However, if they were here, there was no harm in looking for them. After making up his mind, he took out the storage treasures he had picked up from the shop today. There were a total of two hundred spirit stones. Those people had been poor like him too.
In addition to the spirit stones, there were also some pills. They were all ordinary ones. He found some Healing Talismans as well. Each Healing Talisman could be sold for fifty or sixty spirit stones. If he managed to sell everything he had, he might be able to obtain over ten thousand spirit stones this time. The Red Azure Tea was costly. He still needed to save some spirit stones after buying that tea. Jiang Hao opened his attribute panel.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 22]
[Cultivation: Peak Stage of the Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 24/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 26/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘My lifeblood and cultivation haven’t changed after I traveled out of the sect…
it’s truly difficult to find bubbles outside. It’s so difficult to find a place to mine or raise spirit herbs. Maybe I can kill some beasts…’
He had made a significant improvement when it came to the state of his mind, though. He checked his abilities. Except for the Clear and Pure Heart ability, which was taking a long time to recover, others were fine.
Jiang Hao had three choices now. He could either cultivate, study the nameless manual, or learn the third form from the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade.
After hesitating a little, he chose to study the nameless manual. He had just advanced a few days earlier, so it was difficult for him to make progress. He had very little understanding of the third form of the Heavenly Blade, and it would take him a long time to understand it. On the other hand, he had been studying the nameless manual for a while now and had made some progress on that front.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao put away the nameless manual and walked out of his room. He looked around and finally headed to a room on the third floor.
He knocked on the door.
The door slowly opened. A young woman was on the other side. When she recognized Jiang Hao, she was terrified.
“This is the room fee for today.” Jiang Hao took out two silver coins. “Can I see the person inside?”
He was looking for the person he had injured. The opponent from yesterday was at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm and was stronger than most. Jiang Hao had thought the person might be staying on the sixth floor, but it seemed they were staying on the third floor.
Jiang Hao placed the silver coins in the hands of the young woman and walked in. The middle-aged man was lying on the bed, recovering from his injuries. When he saw Jiang Hao, he was on guard. He half expected Jiang Hao to attack again.
“Senior…”
“Don’t worry. I’m just here to ask a few questions, that’s all,” said Jiang Hao gently..
 