Chapter 132: The Demoness Is In My Room
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao’s arrival made Chen Quan terrified.
In his family, he was the most powerful one. This time, he received news that a sect’s expert had come to Heavenly Earth City.
In order to meet them, he had deliberately booked the whole inn.
However, before they arrived, he had to encounter a terrifying cultivator. It was just his rotten luck.
Chen Quan had even gotten severely injured in the fight. This was definitely a
Golden Core Realm cultivator.
It was said that powerful people were often temperamental. He hadn’t believed it. He thought that powerful people were always intelligent.
But now…
He finally understood why powerful individuals were often unpredictable.
Only weaklings needed to flatter the stronger ones. A powerful person just needed one strike to put an end to everything.
“S-Senior, what do you wish to ask?” Chen Quan struggled to stand up.
Even if severely injured, he had to stand up to show respect. While facing such a powerful cultivator, he couldn’t just choose to lie down in bed.
At this moment, a woman came over to support him.
Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised by his actions, but he didn’t say anything. He was weaker than many others in his own sect. The same was true in various major sects.
Only after venturing out of the sect did he realize that being in the Golden Core Realm was indeed considered formidable.
Except for a few major sects, those in the Primordial Spirit Realm were rarely seen outside.
If everything went well, he could smoothly advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm in one year. He could do it by the time he turned twenty-three, or twenty-four at most.
It was unbelievable. Jiang Hao was a little worried about advancing to the Primordial Spirit Realm at such a young age.
He was concerned that he wouldn’t be able to control his arrogance and that might lead to too many troubles.
The disadvantage of being strong was that it bred arrogance and recklessness. He might end up underestimating others in his pride. Jiang Hao looked at the man who had managed to get up.
“What is your name?”
“I am Chen Quan. I offended you yesterday. Please forgive me, Senior.” Chen Quan bowed respectfully.
“Junior Brother Chen, is there a cultivator’s market in Heavenly Earth City?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes, it’s located in a forest to the west of the city. There is a formation barrier there. The market only opens once a month. The next opening would be… tomorrow,” said Chen Quan.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Who is the strongest in Heavenly Earth City?”
“Heavenly Earth City has two cultivation families. The strongest are the heads of these two families. Both are at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.” “Are there any spirit mines nearby?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I heard there is one in Luo Yuan City.” Chen Quan thought for a moment. “But it’s quite far from Heavenly Earth City.”
Jiang Hao nodded and didn’t ask anything further. He thanked the man and stood up to leave. The people inside the room were relieved.
At the entrance of the inn, Jiang Hao extended his senses outward and began examining the terrain.
Soon, he walked slowly along the streets.
Along the way, he heard many vendors shouting and advertising their wares.
When he came across a stall selling roasted chicken, he stopped and looked at the crispy and tender chicken on display. It reminded him of the past.
He must have seen something like this before but couldn’t afford to eat it.
After standing there for a moment, he continued on. He didn’t need to eat it to reminisce about the past.
He later arrived in the residential area of the city. He walked along the houses and the surrounding streets.
Jiang Hao observed the people around him as he walked.
As evening approached, he returned somewhat regretfully to the Cloud Inn.
Jiang Hao had sensed nothing. “Perhaps it’s not in this city,” he muttered.
He then returned to his room. He decided to check out the market that opened tomorrow.
Jiang Hao had strolled through the area and sensed a formation in place. As soon as he opened the door to his room, he saw Hong Yuye sitting on a chair in his room.
“Senior… why are you here?” he asked in surprise.
Hong Yuye glanced at him, and a terrifying power emerged.
Bang!
Jiang Hao crashed heavily into the wall.
The sudden attack caught Jiang Hao off guard. He hadn’t done anything wrong.
“You look confused.” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao, who got up from the floor.
“How long do you think a pot of tea can be enjoyed?”
Jiang Hao was stunned. In Fallen City, Hong Yuye had stayed in her own room, so he hadn’t disturbed her. He had thought it would be the same now.
He remembered that Hong Yuye was studying the stone tablets in Fallen City.
However, they hadn’t found a third tablet yet.
She was so powerful. She could very well make her own tea!
Jiang Hao didn’t say that out loud. He could only lower his head and admit his mistake.
“It’s getting dark,” Lan Jin complained while looking at the sky. “It’s a pity we were delayed by that monster!”
“The appearance of such a powerful monster nearby is obviously unnatural. It seems that Heavenly Earth City has become much more dangerous lately.” Bai Qiong sighed.
Their group could have reached Heavenly Earth City the day before yesterday.
“We gained quite a lot of good things by killing the monster, but I wonder if it will alert others,” Fang Jin said as he walked ahead.
They were on the main road, with the Cloud Inn up ahead. They intended to stay the night there.
“Have the Senior Uncles arrived yet?” Bai Qiong asked.
“Not yet. It seems they were intercepted by the Heavenly Saint Sect.” Fang Jin shook his head.
“Not yet. It seems they were intercepted by the Heavenly Saint Sect.” Fang Jin shook his head.
Just hearing that name gave them a headache. It wasn’t that the Heavenly Saint Sect was particularly powerful. Compared to the Bright Moon Sect, the Heavenly Saint Sect was just average.
But the Heavenly Saint Sect wasn’t afraid. They intended to fight them anyway. They were crazy!
Even the Clear Sky School found them troublesome. It was always the weaklings who created unnecessary trouble.
After a while, they arrived at the Cloud Inn. They saw a middle-aged man waiting for them.
“The three of you must be the disciples from the Bright Moon Sect. I, Chen Quan, want to welcome you here.”
They bowed in greeting.
Lan Jin looked upstairs. “I remember your people said they booked the entire inn, but I see quite a few people living here.”
Chen Quan lowered his head in embarrassment. The others didn’t dare to speak of it either.
This surprised Fang Jin and his group. They didn’t need to book the whole place anyway. That would attract too much attention.
“Are you injured?” Fang Jin asked.
“It’s… it’s nothing.” Chen Quan smiled. “I was injured by a monster, but it’s nothing serious. By the way, the rooms have already been prepared for the three of you. If you need anything, please feel free to let us know. We’ve also gathered information about Zuo Lan as well. We’ve made progress on other matters as well.”
“Thank you very much, friend. If you don’t mind, I can help you with some cultivation matters,” Fang Jin said gently.
Since the man had helped them so much, it was only right to offer some guidance.
Chen Quan and the others were overjoyed at the offer.
At night, Fang Jin heard a knock on the door. When he opened the door, he saw a flustered Bai Qiong and Lan Jin outside.
They quickly blundered into the room and closed the door.
“The person who injured Chen is right next door!” Bai Qiong whispered..