Chapter 133: Asking for the Demoness’ Name
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Just next door?” Fang Jin was surprised. “What exactly happened?”
“I heard that Chen had indeed booked the entire inn for us, but two people arrived a couple of days ago,” Bai Qiong said. “They wanted to stay at the inn. When Chen told them that the entire inn was booked, they attacked him. Then, the person left two coins of silver on the counter and said that they would be staying here.”
“There are indeed many dangerous individuals. Chen and his family were fortunate to survive. If those people were from the demonic sect, Chen’s family would’ve suffered more than just a few injuries.” Fang Jin sighed.
“But wasn’t the person too noticeable? Didn’t you say that peace should be valued when outside one’s own sect? The person was just asking for trouble in behaving that way,” said Lan Jin.
Fang Jin nodded. “That’s true. So, Junior Sister Lan, you shouldn’t resort to such behavior.”
“But in situations like these… where the entire inn is booked and you just want one room, what should one do?” asked Lan Jin.
“You can discuss this later with Junior Sister Bai Qiong tonight. We need to focus on the main matter right now.”
“There’s news about Zuo Lan. He will appear at the marketplace tomorrow. He will be selling three things: information, spirit herbs, and disciples,” Fang Jin continued.
“Selling disciples? What does that mean?” Lan Jin asked curiously.
“Does it mean he has people for sale?” Bai Qiong frowned.
“That might mean that the people captured recently might be related to this!” said Lan Jin.
“It’s not certain, but that might be the case. However, I don’t think he’ll be so bold as to announce that he will be selling disciples in the market,” said Fang Jin. “However, there is always a chance that he might be that audacious. We need to proceed with caution.”
“Should we split up and approach from three different places?” Lan Jin asked.
“No. Zuo Lan is too powerful, and it’s too dangerous for you to act alone, Junior Sister Lan,” said Fang Jin.
“I have already refined my spirit sword. Although my strength is not as good as yours, it’s not bad either,” Lan Jin said earnestly.
“It’s not about strength. Junior Sister Lan, you lack experience.” Bai Qiong smiled and shook his head.
They were concerned that their junior sister might attract trouble. She was still too young and reckless.
“Then what should we do? Should we go to the place where information is being sold or to the place where disciples are being sold?” asked Lan Jin impatiently.
After a moment of thought, Fang Jin came up with a solution.
“Let’s go to the place where disciples are being sold first. With your talent for finding people’s trails, we might be able to learn more about the whole thing.”
“By the way, Chen’s family has some news that there have been some unusual activities near the Heavenly Lake outside the city,” said Bai Qiong. “Maybe we’ll get more clues there. If we find nothing tomorrow, let’s go investigate that area. ”
After talking for a while, Bai Qiong and Lan Jin prepared to return to their rooms.
Before they left, Fang Jin turned to Lan Jin. “Junior Sister Lan, if you happen to meet the people next door, remember to be polite to them. Making enemies rashly will only affect our plant.”
“Alright,” said Lan Jin.
After they reached their room, Lan Jin complained to Bai Qiong. “Senior Sister Bai, don’t you think Senior Brother Fang is being overly cautious? The three of us are in the Golden Core Realm! I alone can defeat the strongest expert from the Chen family. You and Senior Brother Fang are stronger than me!”
“Senior Sister, don’t you think Senior Brother is too humble? The three of us are golden core state cultivators.
“It’s just better to make a habit of keeping a low profile.” Bai Qiong smiled.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao woke up with the nameless manual in his hands.
Today was the opening day for the market. He had to go there.
While dealing with his own matters, he wanted to search for Zuo Lan’s whereabouts too.
The ultimate goal was to find the stone tablet and figure out who was behind it.
The person behind it probably wouldn’t be someone he could handle. However, Hong Yuye might make a move at that time.
Anything at or below the Golden Core Realm shouldn’t be a problem for him, but if it was someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm, fighting them would be suicidal.
He walked out of his room and knocked on Hong Yuye’s door.
Creak!
The door slowly opened.
Jiang Hao saw Hong Yuye sitting by the window and looking outside. The sun had not yet risen.
It was just the right time to watch the sunrise from the window.
The sun rose as he made tea for Hong Yuye.
“Senior, do you sense anything?” Jiang Hao poured a cup of tea for her.
“Is there a courtyard here?” Hong Yuye suddenly asked.
“Yes. There is a relatively large courtyard at the back.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Although he didn’t know what Hong Yuye wanted to do, he would do his best to assist. She was truly powerful. He had wanted to ask about her cultivation level several times but hadn’t dared to do so. If she was truly very powerful, he would have a chance of breaking away from the demonic sect without consequences.
He would be truly free.
However, that was just wishful thinking.
He didn’t know how many years he would have to wait to advance. Jiang Hao sighed wearily.
There wasn’t even a question of finding out Hong Yuye’s cultivation realm. She hadn’t even mentioned her name till now. He hadn’t asked, either.
Jiang Hao hesitated. “Lately I’ve met many people who keep asking me about you… I don’t know your name yet, Senior.”
Jiang Hao was being tactful. They had encountered many people on this journey, so it wasn’t entirely a lie.
Hong Yuye’s hands paused on the teacup. She glanced at Jiang Hao with eyebrows raised.
She looked amused. Just when Jiang Hao thought he had messed up, she spoke.
“My name is Hong Yuye. Don’t mention it to others.”
“Of course. I’m Jiang Hao,” he said and bowed. He had never told her his name, either.
Hong Yuye drank her tea.
“I want to use the courtyard. Help me plant some spirit herbs,” she said.
“What kind of spirit herbs do you need?” Jiang Hao asked curiously.
As for the courtyard, it shouldn’t be a problem. He could just ask the inn’s staff to leave the courtyard alone.
Most of the guests in the Cloud Inn were cultivators, which made things easier. He only needed to visit them and ask them to stay away from the courtyard. A simple display of intimidation and offering one or two spirit stones would suffice.
If they still didn’t cooperate after that, he could take further action.
‘It seems that I can’t avoid attracting attention outside the sect,’ thought Jiang Hao regretfully.
“Something similar to the flower you have in your courtyard,” Hong Yuye said calmly.
Jiang Hao was stunned. Where would he find something like that? “Senior, do you mean the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?”
“Is that a problem?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao with a faint smile. However, he knew the danger behind that smile.
“No problem at all…”
He left Hong Yuye’s room. ‘A spirit herb like the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower…’
Jiang Hao pondered on it. Where would he find something like that?
He thought about the time when he had substituted the Red Azure tea with a cheaper version. Hong Yuye hadn’t really minded. Even when he served her the Snow Queen Spring tea, there wasn’t any problem at all.
Maybe he could find a substitute for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower with something else…
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. He didn’t know how many spirit stones he would have to spend to find a dupe of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
It seemed like he was going to be broke again…