Chapter 134: Earning Some Spirit Stones
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Leaving the inn, Jiang Hao looked around the backyard. It was quite spacious and seemed suitable for growing spirit herbs. However, the soil wasn’t very good. He would need to buy some good soil and spirit liquid.
There was also a backdoor that appeared to be frequently used, which posed a bit of a problem.
Hong Yuye didn’t like people loitering around her. Jiang Hao’s spirit beast had suffered a lot at her hands. So far, the beast hadn’t seen her because Hong Yuye always slammed it wherever to make it unconscious.
After inspecting the courtyard, Jiang Hao went to the counter. “Is the backyard available for use?” he asked.
“The backyard?” The innkeeper looked at Jiang Hao. “Uh… if you want to use it, we can make it available.”
Jiang Hao nodded. “I want to use it for something, but please make sure no one sets foot in there.’
“Our inn can manage that. We’ll lock the backdoor,” said the innkeeper. “Our inn is an ordinary inn but…”
Jiang Hao understood what he meant. The inn was just an ordinary inn, but the residents living in it were mostly cultivators. He couldn’t control the others.
“Don’t worry about others. I’ll talk to them,” said Jiang Hao in assurance. “How much would it cost to use the backyard?”
The innkeeper wanted to say it was free, but Jiang Hao earnestly wanted to pay.
“One silver per day,” the innkeeper said reluctantly.
Jiang Hao paid him three silver coins. “I’ll use it for three days. If I need it for longer, I’ll inform you. Please tidy it up by today.”
The innkeeper nodded.
“If anyone tries to object, just wait for me to come back,” said Jiang Hao.
“Alright,” the innkeeper said. “Thank you, Senior.”
Jiang Hao left the inn.
After a while, the three people from the Bright Moon Sect also came down from their rooms. They saw the staff cleaning the backyard.
“What are you going to do here?” Bai Qiong asked the innkeeper.
The innkeeper was nervous to see the three people. “The guest from Room 5 wants to use the backyard, so we’re having it cleaned.”
“Oh?” Fang Jin was a bit surprised. Room 5 was the room next to them. Only five people were living on the sixth floor.
“Did they say why they wanted to use the backyard?” he asked.
“I didn’t dare to ask” The innkeeper shook his head.
“Innkeeper, I have some questions,” said Lan Jin. “Were you present when someone attacked this place yesterday?”
The innkeeper hesitated. Lan Jin assured him that he wouldn’t get into any trouble.
“Yes,” he said softly.
“Alright. I just wanted to ask about the spell the person might have used and what you had to face,” said Lan Jin.
Fang Jin and Bai Qiong remained quiet. They were also curious to know about it.
“He… used a saber. Chen Quan faced him, but the saber injured him.”
He remembered it vividly.
“How many moves did he use?” asked Lan Jin. “A single Geocentric Lightning might have been enough to heavily injure him. Unless… he is in the Golden Core
Realm.”
Fang Jin smiled. “Junior Sister Lan, your guess might be correct. It’s better not to underestimate people.”
He turned to the innkeeper. “Did that person try to destroy the inn? Is he the same person renting the backyard?”
“He didn’t try to destroy the inn. It seemed like he only wanted a room to stay in. He even paid for the rooms.”
Fang Jin nodded and then turned around to leave. Lan Jin was confused.
Bai Qiong sighed. “That person only wanted a room to stay in. He definitely didn’t intend to cause trouble. If you use the Geocentric Lightning, imagine what it would’ve done to the inn.”
Lan Jin thought about it. A Geocentric Lightning attack might create a deep hole in the inn.
She then thought of using her spirit sword. With the sword, she could injure the enemy without killing him.
Maybe she underestimated the person, but he didn’t seem to be stronger than her in any way.
Jiang Hao landed in the forest in the west of the city.
He observed the surroundings for a moment and then walked inside. He saw an ordinary market.
There were many stalls in the place and people wandered about. Unlike the city, there was not a single ordinary non-cultivator here.
However, the cultivation realms of the people present were generally low.
Most of them were in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, with very few in the Foundation Establishment Realm, and not a single person was in the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao realized that his illusionary middle Foundation Cultivation Realm might be considered top-notch here.
However, being weak was equivalent to being poor.
He had no money to spend on things. He needed to sell the things he had on him instead.
Jiang Hao realized that there was an insurmountable gap between major sects and minor sects.
As a talisman maker, even if he created numerous Ten Thousand Sword
Talismans, he couldn’t sell most of them. He couldn’t really sell the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman. It would fetch him a good price, but it was painstaking to create.
Jiang Hao asked around to confirm the pricing in this market. He found that the pricing was lower than the Heavenly Note Sect. For example, a Healing Talisman only cost twenty-seven spirit stones here.
There were a few people who were selling talismans. He walked to a small empty stall and displayed his talismans for sale.
“Young man, setting up a stall here requires you to pay some spirit stones. It’s not free. Someone will come to collect a fee later,” said a kindly middle-aged man.
Jiang Hao glanced at the man. He was in the later stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Although the man was trying to conceal his cultivation realm, Jiang Hao could sense that he was a fairly strong cultivator.
“Thanks for the reminder,” Jiang Hao said.
Afterward, he displayed the Foundation Establishment cultivation pills he had refined, as well as some talismans and spirit swords. He even took out several Divine Walk Talismans and laid them out for sale.
“Spirit Concentration Talisman… Ten Thousand Swords Talisman… Healing Talisman… Young man, how much for the Healing Talismans?” asked the middle-aged man.
“Twenty-six, l‘ Jiang Hao said.
“I’ll take five,” said the middle-aged man without hesitation.
It was one spirit stone less than the market price, but he could still make a profit from selling them.
“What about the spirit swords?” the middle-aged man asked again.
“Seven spirit stones,” Jiang Hao said.
The market price was between eight and twelve spirit stones.
“How many do you have?” “How many do you want?”
“Ten.
Jiang Hao gave him ten spirit swords. He had plenty of spirit swords.
For a moment, the middle-aged man was dumbfounded. ‘Where did this person come from? Did he rob a rich family?’
“I’m Shi Xin. And you?” he asked.
“I’m Jiang Hao Tian,” Jiang Hao replied.
He observed Shi Xin for a moment.
Although he was dressed plainly, his energy and lifeblood were strong, and his cultivation was strong. It was a sign that he was on the right track and had the potential to reach the Golden Core Realm soon.
“Do you have plans to strive to reach the Golden Core Realm?” whispered Jiang Hao.
Shi Xin was stunned by the question..