Chapter 135: Three Unusual Statuses
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Shi Xin was puzzled.
Jiang Hao’s question seemed irrelevant. Who among cultivators didn’t strive for the Golden Core Realm? Reaching the Golden Core Realm meant stepping onto the path of immortality.
Why else would people often talk about the Golden Core Realm?
Ascending to the Golden Core Realm was incredibly difficult, and people usually didn’t make it, even after striving their whole lives.
Talent, resources, effort, and luck were all needed.
Some people had sufficient talent but lacked resources or couldn’t find a suitable master to learn from. They missed out on great opportunities. Their potential was often wasted.
Although Jiang Hao had a decent cultivation technique, his master could only teach him up to the Golden Core Realm. After that, no one could teach him further.
There was a need for pills to be able to advance, too.
“Fellow cultivator, you jest. Cultivators naturally aspire to achieve the Golden Core Realm,” Shi Xin said.
“Do you have spirit stones?” Jiang Hao asked.
Shi Xin was on his guard. He smiled. “I have about a hundred, not much. If I had many spirit stones, why would I be setting up a stall here?”
“I see.” Jiang Hao nodded.
A late Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator like him couldn’t possibly afford the Heaven Rejuvenating Pill.
Even if Jiang Hao focused on talisman-making, it would take him a long time to save enough.
The sect’s resources only provided him with twenty spirit stones in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm and thirty in the middle stage. Which meant he could earn a total of 360 spirit stones in a year, 3,600 in ten years, and 72,000 in twenty years.
He could barely make it. And that’s assuming he didn’t spend any.
Jiang Hao didn’t rely on sect resources. It wasn’t that he didn’t care about spirit stones, but his resources had been suspended for five years. Only slightly over two years had passed after that.
He sat at his stall and stopped talking. Since the person couldn’t afford it, it was no use mentioning the Heaven Rejuvenating Pill to him.
He focused on running the stall, and later, he planned to visit some proper shops to see if he could sell the pill there.
Although he would have to sell it at a lower price, it was better than selling it in the Heavenly Note Sect.
Shi Xin was surprised to see that Jiang Hao had gone quiet. He couldn’t understand what Jiang Hao had been willing to sell.
He was puzzled because Jiang Hao had first asked him about the Golden Core Realm and then about spirit stones. Was there a connection between the two? He couldn’t understand.
Shi Xin was curious. ‘What would he have said if I had said yes?’
After a while, Shi Xin noticed that Jiang Hao’s stall was doing well. He had sold almost all his wares.
This made him feel restless. He had a feeling that he was missing out on something important. He kept wondering why Jiang Hao had asked about the Golden Core Realm and spirit stones…
Then it hit him. ‘Does that person have something that can help me advance to the Golden Core Realm? Maybe he asked about the spirit stones because he was willing to sell them!’
Shi Xin was worried that this might be a scam.
“Young man, you asked me about spirit stones before. How much were you thinking exactly?” asked the middle-aged man. Jiang Hao looked at him. “About ten thousand.”
Shi Xin’s face turned pale. ‘Ten thousand?!’
If this really was a scam, the young man was indeed very ambitious.
Shi Xin glanced at Jiang Hao. He seemed to be in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm. “I do have that amount.”
‘You do?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
‘Someone in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm had so many spirit stones?’
“Do you need pills?” asked Jiang Hao.
“What kind of pills?” asked Shi Xin.
“Heaven Rejuvenating Pill, ” Jiang Hao said truthfully.
“Heaven Rejuvenating Pill?!” Shi Xin exclaimed. “But those pills are for advancing to the Golden Core Realm!”
He had been saving money for decades to buy something like that.
Never in his wildest dream did he hope to find a person selling them here!
Jiang Hao nodded.
Shi Xin pointed to a corner nearby. “Can we discuss this in private?”
Jiang Hao nodded. After packing up, the two of them went to a corner.
Jiang Hao wasn’t worried about anything. He had appraised himself yesterday.
He found three abnormalities: Heaven Extinguishing Venomous Insect and Bai Ye’s Spirit Sealing Technique, his divine ability, which was still recuperating, and Hong Yuye’s magic which distorted other people’s perception of him.
Jiang Hao wondered what he looked like in other people’s eyes.
He was a little concerned about the damage to his divine ability. Unfortunately, there was no time to find a solution for that.
“Can I inspect the pill?” Shi Xin asked.
“Alright.” Jiang Hao handed him the pill bottle.
Shi Xin opened the bottle and sniffed. The fragrance of the pill was faint, but it was refreshing. He could even feel the stir of the spiritual energy in his body.
He closed the bottle and reluctantly handed it back to Jiang Hao.
“How much can you give for it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I have more than seven thousand spirit stones, plus other items, which are worth about a thousand.” Shi Xin looked at Jiang Hao and hesitated. “I can give you 8,500 spirit stones.”
“8,500?”
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. It was 1,500 spirit stones more than he had expected.
Shi Xin thought Jiang Hao wasn’t satisfied with the price. “I know it’s a little less. We can wait a bit longer. I can probably borrow some spirit stones and give you ten thousand for it!”
“No need,” said Jiang Hao. “8,500 spirit stones are enough for me. Just answer some of my questions and we have a deal.”
“Really?” Shi Xin found it hard to believe. He handed the spirit stones, some pills and spirit stones to Jiang Hao. “What did you want to ask?”
Jiang Hao was feeling a bit emotional. The pills and spirit swords would earn him at least 1,200 spirit stones!
Even after he spent some money on the Red Azure tea, he would have an extra 1,700 spirit stones left!
“Do you know Zuo Lan?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Zuo Lan?” Shi Xin nodded. “He is in the market too. He is setting up three stalls to sell various things. On this street, there should be a stall selling pills and whatnot, the one in the middle of the street is for selling disciples, and the one at the end of the street sells information. These three places start selling at the same time, so it’s impossible to determine which one is the real Zuo Lan. Or perhaps all three are fake. Similar incidents have happened before, but everyone believes that they are all real.”
Upon hearing this, Jiang Hao immediately thought of the Great Thousand God Sect. These three people could all be clones. If the clones were present, it meant that the original person wasn’t far away. It was just difficult to pinpoint the exact location. He now understood why it took the Law Enforcement Hall so long to find the culprit who was at the Foundation Establishment Realm before.
‘A stall to sell disciples? Wouldn’t that be children?’
Jiang Hao hesitated a while and decided to take a look. It was not far away from where his stall was..