Chapter 136: The Feeling of Being Wealthy
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao set up his stall. Shi Xin wasn’t rushing to leave.
He stayed and set up his stall as well.
Jiang Hao’s decision to stay and sell some more items surprised him.
At noon, Jiang Hao saw that he didn’t have much stuff to sell. He sighed. He had expected to make at least two thousand spirit stones.
In the end, he only earned about a thousand. Now, he had 12,700 spirit stones.
Jiang Hao shook his head. There was no way he could earn more in this market.
“Your items are very good, but not everyone can afford them,” said Shi Xin.
Jiang Hao nodded. He had some Healing Talismans and some Pain-Relieving Talismans. He even managed to sell a few Hundred Thousand Swords
Talismans.
No one could afford the Lifeblood Refinement Pills.
People in the late or peak Foundation Establishment Realm were rare here. He had only seen one person in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, and that was Shi Xin.
After packing up, Jiang Hao prepared to leave.
“If you want to sell everything, you can go to the Cloud Pavilion inside. The prices there are still reasonable,” said Shi Xin. “Or… you can continue here. I’m sure this will all be sold by tonight.”
“Are there more people at night?” Jiang Hao asked.
“There are indeed more people at night, but it’s also more chaotic. It’s easy for things to be… disrupted by some ignorant young people.” Shi Xin sighed. Jiang Hao hesitated. “Zuo Lan started selling things in the afternoon, right?”
“Yes… but he might not be selling at night.”
“Can we set up a stall near his place?”
“I can’t… but maybe you can. I’ll wait for you here anyway.” “If you have something to do, you don’t have to wait for me.”
“Alright.” Shi Xin nodded.
Jiang Hao left his stall and made his way to the Cloud Pavilion. It was a loft located in the center of the street. He had seen it before, so he didn’t hesitate to enter. People moved about in pairs inside. They had their own little groups. The interior of the pavilion was exquisite but not as magnificent as the Snow Lotus Pavilion in the Heaven Note Sect.
He approached the counter. “Do you buy items for recycling?”
The woman sitting at the counter smiled. “Yes, we do. But we don’t accept ordinary things. May I ask what kind of items you want to sell, fellow disciple?”
Jiang Hao saw that the woman was confident and efficient. It seemed that working here was quite a remarkable thing to do. He realized that most people here were only in their Lifeblood Refinement Realm, so it made sense why working here would be seen as prestigious. He took out a spirit sword and a bottle of Foundation Establishment Realm pills.
“I have these.”
He had no intention of selling the talismans here. Those could be sold in the market because people always needed talismans. As for the spirit swords, he had too many of them and wanted to sell a few.
“Foundation Establishment Pills?” The woman at the counter seemed somewhat surprised. These pills weren’t particularly expensive, but the fact that Jiang Hao had them indicated that he might be a cultivator in the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The woman got up. “Please follow me, Senior.”
Jiang Hao nodded and followed her. Soon, he entered a room where a beautiful woman was seated in the center. The woman from the counter explained the situation briefly and left.
“So, you want to sell spirit swords and Foundation Establishment Pills…” Chen Sisi looked at the sword and the bottle of pills. “These pills are of average quality. We usually purchase them for thirty spirit stones per bottle.”
Thirty spirit stones seemed a bit low. Foundation Establishment Pills were suitable for those in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. In the Heavenly Note Sect’s marketplace, it was usually sold for fifty spirit stones per bottle.
“That’s acceptable.” Jiang Hao nodded. He then took out other pills and handed them to her. “Have a look at these too.”
He brought out some pills used in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. He wanted to sell everything he could. The person in front of him was at the mid -stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. She was also very adept at examining things.
“Golden Core Realm Pills? Where did you get these?” Chen Sisi seemed a bit uneasy.
“That doesn’t matter. Do you refuse to buy them?” Jiang Hao asked.
The person fell silent for a moment and then began to evaluate the items. After evaluating everything, she finally quoted a price of 980 spirit stones.
Jiang Hao let out a sigh. He had gotten those pills from PO Lang. It was surprising that everything didn’t even fetch him a thousand spirit stones. He brought out a spirit sword. “How much for this?”
“That spirit sword is well crafted. We can purchase it for five spirit stones from you,” Chen Sisi said. Jiang Hao fell silent. “Six.” “Alright,” said Chen Sisi.
Jiang Hao brought out a hundred similar spirit swords. “Here are a hundred of them.”
Chen Sisi was momentarily stunned. She realized that the person in front of her wasn’t ordinary.
“Can you accept them all?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes.” Chen Sisi nodded.
In the end, they settled on sixteen hundred spirit stones. Combined with the 12,700 spirit stones Jiang Hao had on him, now he had a total of 14,300 spirit stones.
Jiang Hao was in disbelief. After buying the Red Azure tea and paying the fine of the Law Enforcement Hall, he would still have a thousand left.
Jiang Hao felt happy. The future looked promising. He hadn’t even met Zuo Lan yet. He would have information on the other stone tablet. Perhaps he could earn more along the way.
After the transaction, Chen Sisi was much more polite toward Jiang Hao. On the surface, both were at the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. She acted a bit superior to Jiang Hao because she ran this place. However, Jiang Hao didn’t mind. He had long since abandoned comparing himself to others.
Being in the Heavenly Note Sect had taught him to be cautious if he intended to survive. There was no room to feel such useless envy and jealousy. Even when he reached the peak of the Golden Core Realm and surpassed Mu Qi, he remained calm and collected.
“Do you have any tea leaves for sale here?” he asked.
“What kind of tea leaves would you like?” Chen Sisi asked. “We have Red Sleeve Fragrance tea which is priced at ten spirit stones, the Snow Queen Spring tea which costs fifteen spirit stones, and Azure Sky Cloud tea which is thirteen spirit stones.”
Jiang Hao looked surprised. The teas here were so cheap!
He asked to see them. After examining the quality, he realized they were all rubbish. He wouldn’t dare to brew such low-quality tea for that demoness.
“Do you have the more expensive version of Snow Queen Spring?” Jiang Hao asked.
“More expensive version?” Chen Sisi was a bit puzzled.
Jiang Hao took out the remaining Snow Queen Spring from his pocket. “This version of the tea… Do you have it?”
Chen Sisi looked astonished. “Yes. It’s upstairs. I’ll have someone bring it down.”
She wondered where this customer had come from. He had such refined tastes.
Jiang Hao was handed the good quality tea after a while.
“That is fifty-five spirit stones for 250 gm, ” said Chen Sisi.
Even for her, this was a luxury item. Paying fifty-five spirit stones for 250 gm of tea was something she couldn’t imagine doing. She only served that kind of tea when meeting important and powerful people..