Chapter 137: Ruthless
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was five spirit stones more expensive. However, there was nothing he could do.
If he didn’t buy the remaining tea leaves, who knew how long he would remain alive.
“Give me 7 kg,” Jiang Hao said.
Chen Sisi was stunned. She had never seen someone buy expensive tea in bulk like this.
Chen Sisi regretfully told him that there was only 5 kg of the tea in stock right now.
In the end, Jiang Hao bought 5 kg of Snow Queen Spring tea for a total of 1,100 spirit stones. Now he only had around 13,200 spirit stones.
“Do you have Red Azure tea in stock?” He was a little curious. He had never bought the Red Azure tea anywhere else except the Heavenly Note Sect. He didn’t know how much it cost outside his sect.
“R-Red Azure tea?” Chen Sisi stammered.
That was the most expensive tea. Only big shots drank it because it was so difficult to produce.
“Do you have it?” asked Jiang Hao.
Chen Sisi nodded.
“How much would that be?”
“It’s about ten thousand spirit stones. Do you want me to inform the staff to bring it down?
Jiang Hao nodded. “Yes, please.”
If it was high-quality Red Azure tea, the price was reasonable.
Jiang Hao also looked at some spirit herbs for sale. In the end, he bought two Clear Snow Seeds. It was the main ingredient for a Spirit Concentration Pill.
The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower had a pleasant fragrance and gave off tranquil spirit energy. The Clear Snow Seed was similar in nature. One seed cost a hundred spirit stones.
This spirit herb was decent. He wondered if it would drop a blue bubble when it finally bloomed.
He also bought 14 bottles of spirit liquid. One bottle cost him about thirty spirit stones. That was 420 spirit stones spent.
Soon, an old man arrived in the room. He was in the peak stage of the
Foundation Establishment Realm.
“Are you the one who wants the Red Azure tea?” he asked.
He didn’t think a young man in the middle stage of Foundation Establishment Realm could afford such an expensive tea.
“Can I inspect the goods first?” Jiang Hao asked.
The old man opened the box to show him. Jiang Hao immediately smelled the aroma of the tea. The tea leaves were green with a hint of red at the edge. It was a good quality tea.
“What about the price?” asked Jiang Hao.
“If you really want it, we’ll give it to you for 9,300 spirit stones.” The old man didn’t want to set too high a price. The tea had been sitting in storage for a long time. He was in a hurry to sell it.
Jiang Hao nodded and handed him the spirit stones. “Thank you. I want to take the tea with me now if that’s not a problem.”
He had earned a few hundred spirit stones today, but he had also spent a lot of it. Now he only had 3,300 spirit stones left.
Jiang Hao walked out of the Cloud Pavilion and ignored their surprised faces.
He saw another pavilion up ahead. There were some stalls there.
According to what Shi Xin said, that should be the place where Zuo Lan sold disciples.
He walked to the place and found a spacious area with many rooms.
“Fellow disciple, please come in,” said a young man and ushered Jiang Hao inside.
“Are you Zuo Lan?” Jiang Hao asked.
“If you think so, then I must be.” The young man smiled. “If you think I’m not, maybe I might not be him, after all.”
Jiang Hao observed him for a while. He was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, but his spiritual energy was a little strange.
Jiang Hao thought that this must be the puppet.
He followed the man to a small room. The room was small. It had some tables and chairs inside.
“This is the name list.” The man, who called himself Zuo Lan, handed the name list to Jiang Hao. “You are a bit late, fellow disciple. There are only two left.” Jiang Hao looked at the list. There were more than twenty names on it. The name, gender, and age were all recorded.
“Wasn’t the shop set up only in the afternoon?” asked Jiang Hao. There were ten girls and thirteen boys on the list.
The oldest one was fourteen years old, and the youngest was seven. Jiang Hao had never seen such a thing at the Heavenly Note Sect.
The Heavenly Note Sect would not stoop so low to buy and sell children. “Of course. We started selling early because the customers were eager.” ” Which one do you want, fellow disciple?”
“Chun Yu, female, ten years old, low talent.” Jiang Hao looked at the name list.
“Bruiser, male, eleven years old, average talent. Where did you find them?”
“They were captured from the surrounding villages. I brought them here because this could change their fate and their lives. I am their benefactor if you look at it that way. They don’t appreciate it, though. Chun Yu’s parents attacked me with a hoe. They’re ignorant.” Zuo Lan shook his head and laughed.
“And then?” Jiang Hao asked with interest.
“When you look at it this way, I’m actually trying to help them. The family now had fewer mouths to feed.”
“You’ve really… helped them a lot,” said Jiang Hao reluctantly. “Can you bring them both here? I want to inspect them.”
“Fellow disciple, you’re wise. They call me ruthless!” said Zuo Lan. “I mean… no person is good in the cultivation world. Those who are strong became powerful by trampling on others. Why pretend to be moral when no one is actually good?”
Zuo Lan smiled and walked out of the room. liang Hao sat there auietlv and
waited.
After a while, the door was pushed open. Zuo La led two children inside.
The girl had been crying. Her eyes were red, and they were full of hate and anger. Her clothes were torn and covered in what looked like dried blood. There was a wide iron ring around her neck.
The boy beside her looked a bit better. He looked determined as though he understood why this must be done. He was barefooted.
“How much?” Jiang Hao asked.
“150 for the female and 200 for the male.” Zuo Lan smiled. “We’ve also added some… restrictions to control them.” “No need for that.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Boom!
There was a loud rumble outside. Jiang Hao turned to look out the window and saw a man in the late stage of the Golden Core Realm soaring into the sky. He was surprisingly fast.
Three people immediately chased after him. They were all in the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao recognized them at a glance. ‘It’s them!’
He noticed that the one who was fleeing was a clone.
“There will always be people causing trouble around here.” Zuo Lan shook his head and sighed. Then, he turned to look at Jiang Hao
“Are you here to cause trouble too, fellow disciple?”
Jiang Hao looked at him calmly and unsheathed his Half-Moon Blade. A slash of moonlight appeared, and everything fell silent.
One strike from the blade had severed Zuo Lan’s head. Jiang Hao slowly sheathed his saber.. “I guess so…”