Chapter 138: Friend, It Seems You Lack Manners!
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The person who claimed to be Zuo Lan was dead. He died under Jiang Hao’s blade.
Perhaps he never thought that Jiang Hao would make a move.
Jiang Hao turned to the two children. They looked at him in fear.
They were terrified of Jiang Hao.
“I give you two choices. First, you can go back to where you came from and live ordinary lives. Or accept these spirit swords and stab the man on the ground. I will help you get into a sect as disciples. However, the second option is dangerous. You’ll have the fear of death as long as you live. The only way to stay alive would be to cultivate and get stronger.”
He did not want to explain too much. He couldn’t take them back to the Heavenly Note Sect. However, he might be able to find a master who could accept them.
Bruiser was the first to accept the sword. He gritted his teeth and took a step forward.
Chun Yu followed suit and accepted a sword too. Her hand trembled as she held it, but she moved slowly to stand by the corpse on the ground.
They hesitated a while and then stabbed the dead man.
At first, they were a little afraid. After a while, they vented their fear and anger on the corpse.
By the time they were finished, the corpse was shredded to bits. Jiang Hao led them out. Fortunately, they didn’t encounter other clones of Zuo Lan.
Jiang Hao went to look for Shi Xi. He wanted to ask him if he wanted disciples.
Bruiser and Chun Yu gripped their spirit swords tightly and followed behind Jiang Hao.
Bruiser was silent and Chun Yu cried quietly. She was physically well.
The two children followed Jiang Hao, not daring to slow down. They knew that if they lost him now, their fate would turn tragic.
On the street, Shi Xin stayed at his stall. He saw powerful Golden Core Realm cultivators chasing another person in the same realm.
He was surprised to see so many Golden Core Realm cultivators in the marketplace.
Shi Xin had felt the powerful presence of Golden Core Realm cultivators and looked un to see them chasing each other- They were even stronger than the
Chen family’s patriarch.
He sighed with emotion but didn’t pay it much attention. As long as they did nothing to this marketplace, it was all good.
“They seem to come from the place where Zuo Lan was selling disciples. I hope
Jiang Hao is alright.. ‘
Shi Xi wasn’t rich. He had turned even poorer after buying the Heaven Rejuvenating Pill. However, it was worth it!
By the end of the year, he would be able to attempt to break through to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. After that, he would attempt to break through to the Golden Core Realm.
“Why are you setting up a stall here?” someone suddenly asked.
Shi Xin looked up and saw three men approaching. Two of them looked middle-aged, and the third one was an elderly man.
“Chief Chen.” Shi Xin stood up. “Just selling some items.”
Chen Baixiao, the patriarch of the Chen family, was a middle-aged man. He was at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.
“Brother Shi, if you need anything, just let our people know. There’s no need to expose yourself to danger here,” Chen Baixiao said with a smile. He then pointed to the man beside him. “This is Jin, a friend of mine.”
“Senior Jin, hello!” said Shi Xin in greeting.
The fact that he could walk side by side with Chief Chen indicated that he was a powerful and important person.
Jin Yuan nodded indifferently.
“I heard that something happened here. Do you want to come with us?” Chen Baixiao asked him.
“Thank you for the invitation, but I must respectfully decline. I promised a friend that I would hold a spot for him here, so I have to wait for him.
Shi Xin didn’t want to follow the Golden Core Realm experts. They were probably heading into trouble. For someone like him who was only in the Foundation Establishment Realm, it could mean death to get involved in something dangerous.
It was better to stay behind.
“Oh, come on, Brother Shi, ” said the elderly man. ‘We are inviting you out of pure goodwill. With two Golden Core Realm experts by your side, what do you have to fear?” said the elderly man.
He was the same person who had sold the Red Azure tea to Jiang Hao in the afternoon. He had seen Chief Chen with his friend in the market, so he followed along.
“It seems that you don’t have much influence here, Chief Chen,” Jin Yuan said with a smile.
Chen Baixiao’s face darkened.
“N-No, it’s nothing like that. I think I’ll follow along. It would be my honor to accompany Chief Chen!” said Shi Xin.
He couldn’t refuse. He was just about to leave with them when someone called him.
“Shi Xin, are you busy?”
Shi Xin turned around to look. He saw Jiang Hao walking toward him with two children.
Shi Xin smiled in relief. “Jiang Hao Tian, you’re here! I saved you the stall… as promised. ”
Elder Chen leaned toward Chief Chen and whispered in his ear. He told the chief about his encounter with Jiang Hao in the afternoon. Seeing Jiang Hao here surprised him.
When Chief Chen heard that Jiang Hao had bought the Red Azure tea from Elder Chen, he became interested.
“Friend, would you be able to accompany me inside?” Chief Chen asked.
“And you are?” Jiang Hao politely asked.
He had never seen the person here before.
“This is the Chen family’s patriarch. It would also be beneficial for you to be seen with the chief here, especially here in the market while buying stuff,” said the elderly man.
He thought that Jiang Hao would apologize and show some humility after hearing that. However, Jiang Hao just nodded.
Jin Yuan smirked. “1 was right. Chief Chen’s status isn’t very intimidating in this place.”
Chen Baixiao furrowed his brow and looked at Jiang Hao. “Are you busy, friend?”
Shi Xin tried to gesture to Jiang Hao. However, Jiang Hao didn’t see him.
The Golden Core Realm cultivators were exceptionally strong, but Jiang Hao had no time to accompany them.
He stared at Jin Yuan and sensed that he was similar to PO Lang in his aura. For Jiang Hao, the top priority right now was to find the real Zuo Lan and obtain the stone tablet.
“May I ask you a few questions?” he spoke to Jin Yuan.
Chen Baixiao’s face darkened.
Jiang Hao glanced at him. “I apologize for taking up so much of your time. I only have a few questions.”
Boom!
The aura of the Golden Core Realm exploded from Chen Baixiao’s body.
“Friend, it seems you lack manners!” Jin Yuan said sharply.
Clang!
The Half-Moon Blade flashed with moonlight and sliced through Chen Baixiao’s neck. Blood gushed out.
Jiang Hao looked at him calmly.. “Can I now take up some of your time?”