Chapter 139: Hoping They Don ‘t Offend The Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Chen Baixiao had no time to think. The moment he saw the moonlight, he froze on the spot. It was like a scythe of death!
He thought he was going to die.
Fear spread from his heart in an instant, engulfing his entire body. When he regained his senses, he felt intense pain in his neck.
He covered the wound on his neck and lowered his head humbly. “Please forgive me, Senior.”
Elder Chen was stunned. He felt that it was strange and impossible for a mere Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator to purchase Azure Red tea in such quantity. He had acted very arrogantly earlier and felt terrified.
However, the one who was the most shocked at that moment was Shi Xin. Was this the same person who had set up the stall near him?
A person who could make a Golden Core Realm expert bow in submission with a casual strike of his blade!
Jin Yuan looked at Jiang Hao and frowned. He planned to escape quietly, but an aura of the Golden Core Realm suppressed him. He couldn’t move.
Jiang Hao looked at him and took a step forward. He released his aura and pinned Jin Yuan on the spot.
He walked in front of Jin Yuan and placed his hand on his shoulder. He exerted slight force. Jin Yuan knelt on the ground.
Jiang Hao placed the Half-Moon Blade on his neck. “Are you from the Great
Thousand God Sect?”
“Who are you?” Jin Yuan felt the immense pressure and grimaced.
Swoosh!
The blade slashed across his neck. Blood gushed out.
Jin Yuan groaned but did not yield.
“Where is Zuo Lan?” Jiang Hao asked again.
“Zuo Lan?” Jin Yuan looked at Jiang Hao. He seemed to realize something. “You… You lured PO Lang out of the city and killed him, didn’t you? The things you robbed… Do you even know who they belong to?!”
‘Who?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Why should I tell you? One day, he will come looking for you. You, a mere Golden Core Realm cultivator, will die!” Jin Yuan sneered. “You won’t live long enough to see our plan come to fruition. You will face Zuo Lan, and that day will be your death!”
“In Heavenly Lake?” Jiang Hao asked.
Jin Yuan seemed momentarily stunned.
Jiang Hao no longer wasted words. He unleashed the first form of the Heavenly Blade technique, Moon-Saying.
The blade rose and fell.
Jin Yuan was astonished. Then, he was killed.
Jiang Hao stabbed him twice and took his storage treasure. It was the same as the one he had obtained from Zuo Lan’s clone. Nothing of significance was there.
He only found about two hundred spirit stones. The rest were just ordinary cultivation pills.
After taking the spirit stones, he tossed both the storage pouch to Chun Yu and Bruiser.
Jiang Hao looked at Shi Xin. “Are you planning to take in disciples?” “Ah?” Shi Xin was momentarily stunned. “Y-Yes, I think these two kids have decent talent.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He turned to the children. “Become his disciples and work hard. ”
After they were accepted as disciples, Jiang Hao turned to Chen Baixiao to discuss Jin Yuan’s appearance. Then, he bid farewell to Shi Xin. There were no more clues here. He needed to find Zuo Lan.
“Wait!” said Bruiser as Jiang Hao turned to leave. “W-Will we meet you in the future?”
“If I pass by here, I’ll definitely seek your master. Perhaps we’ll meet again,” said Jiang Hao calmly.
Jiang Hao said goodbye and left after that.
Bruiser and Chun Yu knelt in gratitude.
Jiang Hao sighed. If Hong Yuye didn’t accompany him, he would have no way of venturing out of the sect. He would have to advance beyond the Golden Core Realm, otherwise, it would be too dangerous for him to venture out.
If he couldn’t do that, he might never leave the Heavenly Note Sect ever again.
Shi Xin had the opportunity to advance to the Golden Core Realm. As disciples to someone in the Golden Core Realm, Chun Yu and Bruiser had hope and potential for a brighter future.
He had not only provided a safe space for Chun Yu and Bruiser but also offered protection to Shi Xin. Jiang Hao had done all he could. The rest depended on them.
As he watched Jiang Hao leave, Shi Xin felt many emotions. He was still in disbelief that such a strong individual had been by his side all along. It was no wonder he had so many treasures and pills.
Chen Baixiao, on the other hand, breathed a sigh of relief. He looked at the dead Jin Yuan and felt uneasy. If that person had intended to kill him, he would already be dead!
Chief Che decided to be kinder when speaking to others from here on out.
Otherwise…
Afterward, Jiang Hao walked through the streets.
Zuo Lan would definitely be on guard after what had happened, so there was no need for any concealment.
He had killed Zuo Lan’s clones. One of them had been at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.
Apart from three hundred spiritual stones, there were no further gains.
Jin Yuan had said that Jiang Hao would be killed by Zuo Lan sooner or later.
‘Now I have 3,800 spirit stones. After paying the Law Enforcement Hall, I’ll be left with eight hundred only…’
‘It seems I need to visit Heavenly Lake, after all.’
Jiang Hao walked along the road. He was frowning.
‘Jin Yuan said that Zuo Lan wanted to kill me. It seemed like they were preparing for my death since I obtained the first stone tablet from Hong Yuye. They probably don’t know about her existence…’
‘But Zuo Lan should be at the Golden Core Realm. How can he kill me at the Golden Core Realm? Unless…’ Jiang Hao frowned. ‘Unless he has already advanced to the Primordial Spirit Realm!’
Jiang Hao was a little worried about that. He had never fought a person of that realm.
‘It’s a pity that I can’t use the Clear and Pure Heart ability. Otherwise, I could try to comprehend the third form from the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade.
Jiang Hao returned to the inn. He had another question in his mind that bugged him. Jin Yuan had said that PO Lang had been lured outside the Fallen City. Hong Yuye had probably done that.
‘Was it really a coincidence that we met PO Lang in Fallen City?’
Jiang Hao couldn’t be sure, but he didn’t dare ask Hong Yuye about it.
“Senior, the backyard is now available,” the innkeeper informed him as soon as Jiang Hao walked in through the door.
Jiang Hao thanked him. “Does anyone have any objections?”
“No. No guest has shown any dissatisfaction with the arrangement,” said the innkeeper.
Jiang Hao nodded. He walked to the backyard. Everything had been cleared away. There was also a pavilion there with flowers on the ground.
‘Now I have to plant these seeds. I’ll then visit the guests and inform them. Hopefully, they won’t offend Hong Yuye.’ Jiang Hao sighed.
‘I also have to make a trip to Heavenly Lake tonight..’