Chapter 140: Spending The Night In The Demoness’ Room
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After inspecting the backyard, Jiang Hao took out the Clear Snow Seeds. Hong
Yuye wanted him to find a plant similar to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, so he wanted to plant these fast. Even if he didn’t know how long he would stay here, he had to prepare in advance. If necessary, he could take the seeds with him.
He used the Daily Appraisal on the seeds.
[Clear Snow Seed: Fragrant. After blooming, it has the effect of concentrating one’s spiritual energy. It can be used to refine the Spirit Concentration Pill. Water it with one bottle of spirit liquid every day. It will germinate after three days.]
‘Three days?! No blue bubbles then…’
The Black Lotus Flower had given him a blue bubble, but he had to water it for seven days. This spirit herb only took three days to germinate, which meant that it might give him only green or white bubbles.
However, they might not stay here for that long. Perhaps if they found Zuo Lan tonight and obtained the stone tablet, they would have to rush to other places.
‘After we get the three tablets, it would be convenient if combining them could
pinpoint the exact location of the next tablet.’
Jiang Hao planted the seeds and watered them with spirit liquid. He then headed to Hong Yuye’s room. While he was at the door, a young girl approached him nervously.
“Should I clean this guest’s room?” she asked.
“Clean room 5. Leave this room as it is.” The girl nodded and went to clean Jiang Hao’s room.
Jiang Hao knocked on the door and entered. He didn’t dare to let anyone inside Hong Yuye’s room. He didn’t want to make her unhappy.
“Any clues?” asked Hong Yuye, looking out the window.
She was wearing a red and white dress. She sat by the window.
Jiang Hao didn’t dare look at her directly. The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison did unimaginable things to his heart.
“I did find something, but the three Zuo Lans turned out to be all clones. It seems like he knows about your arrival, Senior. He is currently planning a counterattack.” Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment. “According to a disciple of the Great Thousand God Sect, Zuo Lan might have even surpassed the Golden
Core Realm.”
Hong Yuye was silent.
“There might be something near Heavenly Lake that connects to Zuo Lan’s plans. I plan to go there and find out tonight.’
“What about the stone tablet?” asked Hong Yuye. “No news yet.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“And the courtyard?”
“It’s ready. I planted the seeds too. They should germinate in three days.”
Hong Yuye slowly turned to look at Jiang Hao. She seemed intrigued. “What kind of seed did you plant?”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. “It’s a flower similar to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
“What’s its name?” she asked.
“Clear Snow Seed,” Jiang Hao said in apprehension.
Jiang Hao half expected her to slam him against the wall, but she didn’t speak and just poured tea for herself. He had no idea what she was thinking.
He felt relieved. At least he wasn’t flung into a wall. That was an improvement.
While drinking tea, Hong Yuye took out a small box and placed it on the table.
“I won’t make you do things for me for nothing. This is for you.”
Jiang Hao was surprised. He thought she would give him something after all this was over. He approached the table and picked up the box. He sat down on the empty chair to examine it.
When he opened the box, a refreshing fragrance wafted out. It was a snow-white pill that he had never seen before. Even just the scent of the pill made his blood and spiritual energy surge.
‘Is it a pill to help me advance further?’ wondered Jiang Hao. ‘Maybe she is giving it to me because I mentioned that Zuo Lan might be beyond the Golden Core Realm… Maybe I’m supposed to take the pill and advance and defeat Zuo
Lan by myself.’
He wondered how much this excellent pill could be sold for. But first, he needed to know the name of the pill.
He looked at Hong Yuye. “What kind of pill is this?”
“Try taking it and see.” Hong Yuye casually sipped her tea.
Jiang Hao took out the pill. It felt cold in his hands. He placed it in his mouth. In an instant, the cold feeling spread in his mouth as the pill dissolved. The coolness traveled down his throat and spread throughout his entire body. He suddenly felt cold all over as though it was winter. The coolness rushed to his mind.
It opened up his thoughts, and countless sparks of impulses collided in his mind. He felt clear and empty.
On a whim, Jiang Hao activated his Clear and Pure Heart ability. The chilly sensation rushed to the ability in an instant.
The previously damaged Clear and Pure Heart ability gradually began to heal. ‘So, this pill is meant to repair the Clear and Pure Heart ability…’
Without that particular ability, his progress had been stunted. He couldn’t comprehend the third move of the Heavenly Blade, no matter how many times he studied the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade.
He was curious as to how Hong Yuye had discovered that his Clear and Pure Heart ability was damaged. Was it because of the nameless manual?
In that case, he had to further study the nameless manual to better assess his enemies in the future.
Afterward, he let go of his thoughts and began to heal.
After a while, Jiang Hao completely absorbed the pill. Not only did his Clear and Pre Heart ability recover but also surpassed its previous state.
Once his condition was stabilized, he slowly opened his eyes.
The first thing he saw was Hong Yuye sitting across from him, drinking tea. Then he noticed the sunlight filtering in.
The light fell on the side of her face, and a gentle breeze swayed her hair. It was difficult for him to breathe.
He finally collected his composure enough to see that it was already dawn. He was surprised. Had he taken the whole night to absorb the pill?
“Is it already morning?”
“I thought you were an overly cautious person,” said Hong Yuye. “Why did you take the pill without any questions this time?”
“I… I figured that if you intended to harm me, you wouldn’t have to go through all that trouble.”
He couldn’t refuse anyway. The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison was a testament to that. It was better to just grin and bear it. If he kept her happy, he would suffer less.
Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao.
“Continue to investigate the stone tablet,” said Hong Yuye, putting down her teacup. “If there is no progress regarding this, you know the consequences.”
“I understand, Senior.” Jiang Hao stood up and said his farewell. Then he brewed another pot of tea for Hong Yuye.
“Buy some snacks for me,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao nodded and didn’t dare to ask what kind of snacks she wanted. If he didn’t ask, he could decide on his own.
If he dared to ask her, she would choose something exorbitantly expensive. Jiang Hao’s spirit stones would be gone in an instant.
“I’m going out for a stroll tonight,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao understood that she wanted him to accompany her.
He agreed to it and then headed to his room.
As soon as he closed the door, he saw the young girl cleaning the corridor. He had seen her yesterday.
She was startled and quickly lowered her head to apologize.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. He prepared to go out to buy some snacks for Hong Yuye.
He bought ordinary pastries. He tasted them before buying them. He knew they were good enough.
As expected, Hong Yuye did not say anything.
After that, he went to the backyard and watered the seeds with spirit liquid.
In the backyard, Jiang Hao saw a little girl watering the flowers under the pavilion.
When she saw Jiang Hao come in, she bowed to him.
“Sir, did you plant this for your wife? She must be very happy to see it,” she said.
The sudden question made Jiang Hao break out in a cold sweat. He calmed himself and looked at the girl. She must be around twelve years old.
He did not understand why a child would ask something like that. Then he realized something.
He had seen her twice. Yesterday, she had asked him if she could clean the rooms. This morning, she was outside cleaning the corridors when he came out of Hong Yuye’s room.
Jiang Hao had stayed in Hong Yuye’s room for the entire night. A man and a woman in one room…
The little girl might have misunderstood!