Chapter 141: Explaining That He And The Demoness Weren ‘t A Couple
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao lowered his head. The girl had misunderstood. Nothing had happened in that room, and Hong Yuye wasn’t his wife!
He wanted to clarify, but he realized that it looked suspicious. Even if he said they weren’t married, the fact still remained that he had been in her room for the entire night.
Jiang Hao suspected that the young girl would misunderstand it even more if he tried to explain further. It was troublesome. He couldn’t kill her to silence her anyway.
He let out a sigh. “Do more work and ask fewer questions. That way, you’ll create fewer problems for yourself. Asking too many personal questions might get you into trouble with other guests, you know.”
The young girl seemed to realize that she might have said something wrong. She lowered her head. “Yes, I understand. I’m so sorry. I-I didn’t mean to…”
“The guests staying at this inn are not ordinary people. You shouldn’t ask or gossip about their personal lives. Do you understand?” asked Jiang Hao in a gentler tone.
“I-I understand,” the young girl said, lowering her head. Jiang Hao took out a copper coin and handed it to her. “Here. Take this.” “T-thank you.” The young girl accepted the copper coin.
Jiang Hao nodded and then left the backyard. Before leaving, he instructed her not to disturb the soil around the spirit herbs.
As for the matter of what she thought was between him and Hong Yuye, he didn’t care.
She was just a child with a passing curiosity. She would forget it in a day.
However, if Hong Yuye happened to know about it…
‘Last night, I regained my divine ability but missed the chance to visit Heavenly Lake. I wonder if I’ll find anything there now…’
‘On the bright side, my Clear and Pure Heart ability is back! I can start studying the third form of the Heavenly Blade!’
It had taken so long for him to learn the third form. He could finally master it!
However, it would take a few more days.
He was still just curious about the pill that Hong Yuye had given him. ‘What exactly was it?’
Its effects were surprisingly good. “It would probably cost a lot of spiritual stones to buy one.”
Keeping a pill like that would definitely be a wise choice. Other people rarely possessed divine abilities, but he had three of them!
If he experienced something that damaged his divine ability, it would be difficult to fight.
Divine abilities were useful but excessive use could damage them. Once damaged, they needed to be nurtured for a long time to get them to their full potential.
He hadn’t asked the name of the pill. He just needed to resolve the matter fast and return to the Heavenly Note Sect to investigate.
He left Heavenly Earth City and headed toward Heavenly Lake.
Heavenly Lake wasn’t far from Heavenly Earth City. Otherwise, he never would have dared to venture out of the city on his own.
In front of a massive building, he saw some guards. They were two cultivators in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
They appeared to be in their thirties. They seemed relaxed. Occasionally, they exchanged a few words with each other. It seemed like they were not very enthusiastic about guarding this place.
Jiang Hao passed by them and entered the building. The entrance led to a wide and spacious area.
In the center, there was an altar stained with blood.
Jiang Hao touched the bloodstains. They were still fresh. ‘This is recent…’
Jiang Hao recalled Zuo Lan or at least his clone whom he had dealt with at the market. Maybe this was Zuo Lan’s doing.
Upon careful observation, he noticed that the altar was different from the building. It seemed recently constructed.
He activated Daily Appraisal.
[Psychic Altar: Offer the blood of young virgin boys and girls with spiritual roots and use the Secret Message Tablet as a medium to communicate with the temporary owner of the stone tablet. Zuo Lan prepared this to deal with the owner of the stone tablet, who is out of control. Originally, he planned to offer the final blood sacrifice seven days later to obtain the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm. However, he was interrupted by Fang Jin and others, so he decided to come back in nine days. At present, he has already determined that you are the owner of the stone tablet.]
Jiang Hao sighed warily. Waiting a few more days wasn’t a problem but, by then, the enemy would advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm!
‘I need to find him before that, or I can’t face him.’
Jiang Hao walked up to the altar and saw the place where the stone tablet was supposed to be placed.
He wondered if he could also obtain the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm if he placed his stone tablets there. However, this kind of power would likely come with… side effects.
‘I wonder if the temporary owner of the stone tablets is the person Hong Yuye is looking for…’
According to what they knew so far, there was only one owner behind each stone tablet.
The appearance of those from the Great Thousand God Sect in the Heavenly Note Sect had something to do with the owner of the tablets.
‘I don’t know if he is from the Great Thousand God Sect, or he is only pulling their strings…’
Jiang Hao didn’t know anything for sure right now. The only way he could find out the truth was by capturing Zuo Lan.
As for the whereabouts of Zuo Lan, it was still a mystery.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao decided not to destroy the altar. If he did, he might not be able to find Zuo Lan. This was a fairly safe place to lure Zuo Lan.
‘I should find Fang Jin and the others and ask them not to stir up trouble for now…’
He worried that Zuo Lan would keep delaying his plan if Fang Jin and his group continued causing trouble.
If that happened, it was very likely that the three months he had would be wasted.
After leavinq the buildinq, inspected the surroundinqs. He
discovered some formations and hidden traps.
There were restriction traps and talisman traps. It would be so easy to fall into such traps if one was not aware.
Jiang Hao carefully noted down each trap to prevent any mishaps when he came back here in nine days.
Unfortunately, he had very few items on him, and his proficiency in formations was almost nonexistent. Otherwise, he could have utilized these traps to his advantage. This was an unavoidable situation.
He had been practicing cultivation for over ten years, but only recently had started learning talisman-making. The time was too short to learn other things.
The most pressing matter was to focus on improving his cultivation for now.
Jiang Hao went to the backyard after he headed back to the inn.
Looking at the yard with scarce spiritual energy, he felt that it would be better to buy some spirit herbs directly instead of cultivating them. This way, the fragrance could cover the surroundings immediately, and the spiritual energy could gather quickly.
Unfortunately, transplanting spirit herbs often led to unexpected problems. Moreover, they were very expensive.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao used some spirit stones to arrange a gathering formation in the surroundings. That way, spirit stones would act as a substitute for insufficient spiritual energy.
After setting the formation, Jiang Hao looked up at the sky and realized that it would soon get dark.
He needed to go up and find Hong Yuye.
Just as he had returned to the lobby, he heard someone complaining.
“We almost found him. Zuo Lan has some treasures on him. Otherwise, I would have definitely found him through his clone,” Lan Jin complained.
“Not finding him in person is not a big deal. It’s a pity that we couldn’t find out where he’s holding the captives. Let’s go to the Heavenly Lake tomorrow and see if there are any other clues,” Bai Qiong said.
“I don’t know who killed all of Zuo Lan’s clones! Otherwise, we wouldn’t have lost all the leads,” Lan Jin said angrily.
At that moment, they noticed Jiang Hao coming out from the backyard.
The three of them were taken aback.
Jiang Hao looked calm and collected as always, but deep down, he felt embarrassed. They were complaining about him. He had killed Zuo Lan’s clones..