Chapter 142: Risking One’s Life For A Cause
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Fellow Disciple Jiang?” Fang Jin was surprised.
Seeing Jiang Hao coming out of the backyard, he understood that the person living next to them on the sixth floor was him.
With his strength, it wasn’t surprising that Chen had been injured.
Fang Jin was certain that Jiang Hao wasn’t in the Foundation Establishment Realm, after all.
“Fellow Disciple Fang,” Jiang Hao said politely.
Since they had met, he needed to discuss something with these people.
“Just happened to drop by?” Fang Jin pointed to the seat next to him and invited to sit down.
The first floor was the dining area, equipped with many tables and chairs. The inn wasn’t receiving many guests lately, so it seemed spacious.
If someone came into the inn to cause any problem, the staff explained the situation to them politely. They didn’t want to offend someone like Jiang Hao again.
Lan Jin looked at Jiang Hao with curiosity. She also thought that the person living next door was Jiang Hao.
She was very curious about his true strength. Logically, he shouldn’t be much stronger than her seniors.
If she challenged him, it would seem presumptuous. Fang Jin and Bai Qiong would definitely criticize her for being reckless. If it were within the sect, it wouldn’t matter.
She decided to observe him silently.
“Friend, when did you arrive?” Fang Jin asked casually. “We arrived just two days ago. We are staying in rooms 1,2, and 3.”
“I arrived a day or two ago, too. We are staying in rooms 5 and 6.”
At this moment, a plate of cold dishes and peanuts were placed on the table. These were to serve as appetizers as they waited for the main dish.
“Did you have them tidy up the backyard?” Lan Jin asked.
“Yes. I came to request you to not disturb the backyard for a while,” said Jiang Hao.
“Friend Jiang, you are too polite,” Fang Jin said. “We’ll certainly not disturb the backyard. But we are curious though. What are you doing in the backyard?”
“I’m planting some spirit herbs because I’ll be staying here a while, ” said Jiang Hao.
“Is it for the woman who travels with you?” Bai Qiong asked.
Jiang Hao nodded. He didn’t know how to introduce Hong Yuye to them.
‘Should I call her a senior sister?’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘I don’t know if Hong Yuye will get angry if I tell them about her…’
He just nodded and didn’t say anything further about her. He could come up with something if they asked next time.
Jiang Hao was surprised to know that these three people stayed in the rooms next to them. It was just as well. He could talk to them about matters concerning Zuo Lan.
“What brings you here this time?” Fang Jin poured a cup of tea for Jiang Hao.
“Are you here because of Zuo Lan?” Jiang Hao asked straightforwardly. “I know you’ve been chasing Zuo Lan. Did you find any new clues?” The question caught the three people off guard.
“Did you kill Zuo Lan’s clone?” asked Lan Jin suddenly.
Jiang Hao took a sip of tea. Unfortunately, sometimes he acted too recklessly.
Fang Jin and the others were also curious, but they didn’t question him further.
It was best if all of their paths overlapped somehow. It was even better for them to be on the same side. If not, they wouldn’t cause trouble for one another.
Jiang Hao put down his tea. ” Zuo Lan was supposed to appear by the Heavenly Lake for the final ritual. But because you caused trouble for him, he is going to do it in nine days. If he doesn’t show himself, will you be able to find him in another way?”
Fang Jin and the others were alarmed at that. “Do you know where Zuo Lan is?”
“I don’t know. I only know that nine days later, he will appear at the altar by the Heavenly Lake. The person you’re looking for will probably also be there,” Jiang Hao said.
If he knew where Zuo Lan was, he would have already gone ahead and dealt with him.
“Do you want us to refrain from doing anything in these few days?” Bai Qiong asked.
“You can consider visiting Heavenly Lake first before considering my suggestion,” said.
Fang Jin nodded. “We will seriously consider that. Could you please provide more details, friend?”
“The altar requires the fresh blood of talented young boys and girls with cultivation potential. In the final ritual, the children will be present,” said Jiang
Hao. “So, I’m guessing that the disciple who has been taken away from your sect will be at the altar on that day.”
However, there was one thing he couldn’t figure out.
Zuo Lan was just a Golden Core cultivator. How were the people of the Bright
Moon Sect unable to locate him?
Jiang Hao hesitated for a while and then asked them.
“We are also somewhat puzzled.” Bai Qiong frowned.
“At first, we suspected that there might be powerful individuals among them, but it doesn’t seem like it. Then we speculated that there might be magical abilities or treasures hiding our disciple’s location. Recently, one of our senior uncles was intercepted by people from the Heavenly Saint Sect, who are close to Zuo Lan’s group. It’s also possible that they were the ones who attacked.”
“There is another possibility. Do you Imow the origin of Zuo Lan?” Fang Jin asked.
Jiang Hao took a sip of tea and said calmly, “The Great Thousand God Sect?”
“You have good insight. We also came to this speculation after encountering his clone. It should be the Great Thousand God Sect’s Clone,” said Fang Jin. “The Great Thousand God Sect is located in the Milky Way Sea region. If they are here, they must be helping someone. The Great Thousand God Sect was originally driven to the Milky Way Sea region by our Bright Moon Sect. So, it’s possible that they can locate our sect easily.”
Jiang Hao nodded. This was the first time he had heard of this. Among these possibilities, what worried him the most was the connection to the Heavenly Saint Sect. He had a hostile relationship with them.
These people seemed to be convinced that he knew the secret of the treasure hidden in the mine and wanted to extract that information from him.
Even Senior Sister Ming Yi, the Saintess-in-training, couldn’t do anything about it. In the future, they might just hunt Jiang Hao down. But there was still time…
If ten years were not enough, then a hundred years. One day they would understand that Yan Hua had not revealed the secret to anyone.
After talking for a while, Jiang Hao headed to his room.
Jiang Hao also learned that the seniors from the Bright Moon Sect would be arriving soon. He had already decided to give up on the mission of the Law Enforcement Hall.
These people were relatively easy to get along with. For the Bright Moon Sect to go to such lengths for a disciple who hadn’t even entered the sect yet, it would be troublesome if Jiang Hao stole one of their disciples who was already a member of the sect.
In a demonic sect, anything was possible.
Upstairs, Jiang Hao visited every guest one by one. He requested them to stay away from the backyard for the time being.
Chen Quan and the others assured him that no one would disturb it, and even said they would keep an eye on it.
This made Jiang Hao feel a bit embarrassed. He gave them a bit of the Snow Queen Spring tea as thanks.
Chen Quan didn’t want to accept it, but Jiang Hao had already left. He reluctantly kept it..