Chapter 144: Making a Wish
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Hong Yuye walked along the riverbank with Jiang Hao. She headed toward the crowd.
There were stalls selling river lanterns.
If they wanted to release lanterns, they had to go there and buy one. As for the young master of the Chen family, Jiang Hao didn’t pay much attention to him.
He was just a little curious. The gaze of the people here was distorted by Hong Yuye’s power. What had the people seen when they looked at the pavilion?
Out of curiosity, he asked Hong Yuye. However, Hong Yuye just glanced at him with an icy smile and said nothing in reply.
He felt uneasy. His heart raced.
He approached the river and looked at his reflection in the water. He saw his normal self. It seemed that he was unaffected.
Jiang Hao couldn’t figure out Hong Yuye. He didn’t know how she would distort her appearance in the eyes of the others while remaining as she was at that same time.
But it didn’t matter. At least he was safe.
He still had things to do. As long as he was careful, there shouldn’t be any grave consequences.
After a while, they reached the upper part of the river. The area was wide, and many people were holding river lanterns in their hands.
There were stalls that sold various types of lanterns.
Hong Yuye found a spot to sit and wait, while Jiang Hao picked two lotus-shaped lanterns.
He handed one of the lanterns to Hong Yuye. “I heard from the merchant that releasing river lanterns is a tradition where you wish and pray for blessings. Senior, do you want to make a wish?”
Hong Yuye looked at the lotus-shaped lantern in her hand. She smiled. “And who do you make a wish to?”
“The river god,” said Jiang Hao.
“You want me to make a wish and pray to the river god?” Hong Yuye looked into Jiang Hao’s eyes.
She looked amused.
Jiang Hao felt helpless. “Maybe we can make a wish and pray to the heavens instead.”
Perhaps she tound that more acceptable. “What is your wish”‘ she asked.
‘Mining…’
He didn’t say that out loud. He lowered his head. “Most of the time, I just wish for a quiet and peaceful life.”
“Is it not peaceful now?” Hong Yuye asked, sitting by the riverbank.
“Under your protection, it has indeed been peaceful,” Jiang Hao said. It was only a partial truth.
It was true that he was safe from formidable enemies, but he didn’t entirely feel safe from Hong Yuye herself.
He also sat down by the riverbank and released the lantern on the river’s surface.
When it came to making a wish, he felt a little lost. Memories of childhood flitted in his mind. It seemed that what he truly cared about was his family.
Mining and cultivation were something he could strive to achieve on his own. He had always done that his whole life. There was no need to make a wish about those things.
Only his stepmother and his father were something he couldn’t reconcile with. So, he wished to see them.
“I wonder if my stepmother will still treat me badly after seeing what I have become…”
He released the river lantern, and it floated downstream.
Hong Yuye also let go of the lantern in her hand.
Jiang Hao stole a glance at her. She seemed as quiet and calm as ever.
After that, the two of them stood up and watched the lanterns drift away downriver.
So many lanterns covered the surface of the river. It looked resplendent and beautiful.
“Let’s go back,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao sensed that her mood wasn’t that good. She seemed to have something on her mind.
They turned around and slowly walked back to the inn. The way was crowded, and it took them quite some time to reach the inn.
After Hong Yuye went back to her room, Jiang Hao opened his own room door.
He looked at the moon outside the window. ‘The little outing was indeed for the Lantern Festival!’
Jiang Hao was somewhat puzzled. ‘It’s better that way. Whatever Hong Yuye intended to do would be too fatal for this city.’
As for him, he had actually gained quite a lot tonight. When he had made a wish on the lantern, he had understood many things about himself.
He remembered a world that was plentiful and then was hit by a famine. He realized that natural disasters tore families apart.
With a sigh, Jiang Hao sat on the bed and took out The Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade book.
After adjusting his state, he activated the Clear and Pure Heart divine ability. He felt at peace and his thoughts were clear. H found answers to many of his doubts at that moment.
This time, he could truly comprehend the third form of the Heavenly Blade.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao wearily closed the book. His progress had been quick this time around.
He vaguely felt that his mastery of divine abilities had become more efficient. It meant that his abilities had improved too!
The pill given by Hong Yuye was excellent. Whether it was pills, formations, or techniques, everything that came from her was exemplary.
But Jiang Hao felt a little regretful. He probably couldn’t afford such a pill.
Putting away the book, Jiang Hao went to the backyard to water the spirit herbs with spirit liquid. It would sprout tomorrow. Maybe bubbles would appear too!
He then went out to buy some snacks.
On his way back, he saw the little girl from before. She was holding some snacks in her hands, which smelled very delicious.
“Little girl,” Jiang Hao called out to her.
The girl raised her head to look at Jiang Hao. “Yes? How can I help you?” “Where did you buy those snacks?” Jiang Hao asked.
“These?” The girl showed him the snacks in her hands. “I bought them from
Granny Xu on the street. They’re the most delicious in the entire Heavenly Earth City.”
Jiang Hao thanked her and hurried out again.
In the eyes of the little girl, Jiang Hao loved his wife so much.
Jiang Hao placed two types of snacks in front of Hong Yuye. One looked good and tasted decent, while the other was more delicious but looked a little ordinary.
He didn’t know which one Hong Yuye would like to eat.
Jiang Hao then returned to his room to start making talismans.
He made talismans in the morning and investigated the matter with Zuo Lan in the afternoon to look for any other clues.
The next day, a pleasant fragrance wafted from the backyard and surprised everyone in the inn. Just a whiff of it made them feel refreshed and clear-minded.
Jiang Hao walked to the backyard and saw two green bubbles. He felt a bit disappointed. [Spirit Sword +1]
[Spirit Sword +1]
They could only be sold for fourteen spirit stones.
“Clear Snow… I didn’t expect him to plant that,” said Bai Qiong.
The previous day, they had gone to the Heavenly Lake and discovered the
Psychic Altar
They decided to follow Jiang Hao’s advice and secretly investigate for a few days without alerting the enemy.
“This spirit herb is not easy to plant. Maybe they just planted it temporarily,” Fang Jin said in admiration.
He admired Jiang Hao for being able to tend to spirit herbs while pursuing the enemy.
After that, they didn’t pay much attention to it.
Since the sprouting of the Clear Snow, Jiang Hao made his talismans in the backyard. The spirit herbs would help increase the rate of success. However, he was surprised to find that his success rate had decreased!
Hong Yuye was affecting him.
His state of mind was unstable, which was one of the reasons. The other reason was that her constant scary aura made it difficult for him to focus on anything else..
 