Chapter 145: Another Night Passed
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In theory, as long as Jiang Hao didn’t look at Hong Yuye, his heart, and mind would remain calm.
However, being close to her still had some effect.
Hong Yuye instinctively emitted her aura. It was very subtle, but it was there.
It was always there whenever she zoned out and affected Jiang Hao as he sat there trying to make his talismans.
He was helpless and decided to head back to his room. He spent most of his time in the backyard when he wasn’t making talismans.
Jiang Hao was mainly worried that someone would bump into Hong Yuye, and he had no idea what would happen if he wasn’t there.
To him, Hong Yuye was a terrifying existence that could erupt in anger at any time, but others were unaware of it.
Once provoked, the entire inn might be destroyed. There was no shortage of ignorant and arrogant people in the world. Someone might just anger her. That was why Jiang Hao felt worried when he was in the backyard and not with
Hong Yuye.
Days went by in this manner.
Finally, it was nearing the day when Zuo Lan would perform his ritual. It was tomorrow.
During the past few days, Jiang Hao had accompanied Hong Yuye to the backyard, made talismans in the afternoon, and went out to investigate to find more clues about Zuo Lan.
In the evening, he brought back some snacks.
At night, he focused on studying the third form of the Heavenly Sword, the Meteor technique.
He had just finished comprehending it last night. It had great power, but he hadn’t tested it yet. It was somewhat difficult to control.
Unfortunately, he didn’t have more time. Otherwise, he would have at least comprehended the ability to use it more effectively.
“You seem to be overthinking things,” Hong Yuye said.
In the backyard, Jiang Hao was taking care of the Snow Clear herbs. Under his care, occasional white bubbles popped up. His spirit was strengthened.
However, he didn’t want to absorb the bubbles in front of Hong Yuye, so he didn’t collect too many bubbles. With Hong Yuye’s understanding of the nameless secret manual, she might notice something. But Jiang Hao was puzzled by her words. ‘Overthinking?’
‘You’re very cautious,” Hong Yuye added.
“I’m alright,” said Jiang Hao.
Although he didn’t know what she exactly meant, he had always lived that way. His strength had never been enough, so he had to be very careful, especially since he was in a demonic sect.
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao and chuckled. “These past few days, were you worried about others offending me?”
‘Oh… that’s what she means.’
Jiang Hao nodded. “I was afraid that others might disturb your peace.”
“Is that so?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao. “Then let’s assume that’s what you were thinking about.”
At that moment, she looked at the teapot on the table. “Let’s change the tea.”
“I… just brewed it,” said Jiang Hao. The Snow Queen Spring tea was costly too. He felt it was a bit of a waste to discard the tea.
“Take out the best tea leaves you have and brew them.” Hong Yuye poured the tea into the bushes.
‘The best tea?’ Jiang Hao instantly thought of the Red Azure tea.
He hadn’t told her that he had bought it already. Jiang Hao feared that she might finish it too soon and would expect him to buy more with the spirit stones he had set aside for other things.
He didn’t know how she had found out. Helplessly, he took out the Red Azure tea.
“Are you confused?” Hong Yuye smiled. “Heavenly Earth City isn’t a very big city. There aren’t many people staying in the inn. The Red Azure tea is very expensive, and it’s considered something similar to a precious treasure. If someone buys it, it becomes major news for people here.”
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao, and her eyes glittered mischievously. “Who in the entire Heavenly Earth City would buy something like that?”
Jiang Hao realized that it had been foolish to think he could hide anything from her at all. He could have said he didn’t have it.
“Do you think that you would get away by saying you didn’t buy it?” Hong Yuye picked up the teacup and sniffed at it. “The fragrance of the Red Azure tea can subtly affect any other tea leaves it’s kept with. You placed the Snow Queen Spring tea right next to the Red Azure tea, didn’t you?”
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. He needed to keep up with his knowledge of tea.
At that moment, the fragrance of the Red Azure tea emanated from the tea. It was refreshing.
After pouring a cup for Hong Yuye, Jiang Hao sat down and poured himself a cup.
Jiang Hao had spent 9,300 spirit stones on this tea. He wanted to have a cup.
The aroma of the tea permeated the air. Many people in the inn caught a whiff of it too.
Even Fang Jin and the two women were surprised by the strong fragrance of the tea.
“Red Azure tea!” Lan Jin exclaimed. “I’ve only seen our master brew it before.
Who brought such tea here?”
“The fragrance came from the backyard,” Bai Qiong said in surprise. “Who are they?”
“I don’t know what it tastes like, ” Fang Jin said with some emotion. “I’ll take advantage of the tea fragrance and cultivate on the second floor. I need to prepare for tomorrow.”
Tomorrow was the day of the ritual that Jiang Hao had mentioned, and Zuo Lan would be there. They might find the lost disciple tomorrow.
Jiang Hao drank a cup of tea and felt the abundant spiritual energy. The tea was smooth and gentle, and it instantly refreshed his whole body.
This made him delighted. Instinctively, he started practicing the third form of the Heavenly Blade that he hadn’t fully grasped yet.
This time, the flow of power was smooth, as if the spiritual energy brought by the Red Azure tea was assisting him.
Jiang Hao felt as if he was holding a blade in his hand and swinging it around using the Meteor technique.
The power circulated within his body, and the technique began to take shape in his mind.
As he practiced, Jiang Hao felt that his progress in mastering the third form was becoming faster. He even began practicing the first and second forms.
For a while, he practiced all three moves.
Time passed, and the special effects brought by the Red Azure tea gradually faded away.
The pleasant and refreshing feeling slowly dissipated, but Jiang Hao had gained insights into all three forms of the Heavenly Blade.
When he opened his eyes again, the sun was directly overhead. It felt like time hadn’t passed at all.
“Is it still noon?” he asked.
“Noon of the next day,” said Hong Yuye.
‘What?!” Jiang Hao was surprised. This was the day that Zuo Lan would appear at the altar!
Although he knew Zuo Lan would make a move today, he wasn’t certain about the time. It could be in the morning or the evening.
Jiang Hao had already missed the morning. He had wasted precious time.
“Senior, we should set off,” he said.
This time, they had accurate information about Zuo Lan. Hong Yuye wanted the stone tablet as soon as possible, so she would definitely go.
As Hong Yuye stood up, Jiang Hao took the teapot and looked at the tea leaves inside, thinking of using them to nourish the soil.
Drinking a cup greatly enhanced his understanding of the Heavenly Blade. He could now freely use the third form. He wondered if it would have the same effect next time.
After a moment, he checked his divine abilities and the attacks stored on his wrist guard.
Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye left the inn.
In the forest, the sun shone through the tree leaves.
Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye stood beneath the tree, looking at a distant building. That was where the altar was located.
There was a window that provided a view of the inside, but so far, there was no sign of any activity.
“We may have to wait until evening,” Jiang Hao said.
Hong Yuye leaped and sat on a tree branch.
It was too conspicuous, and Jiang Hao wanted to warn her to not attract attention. However, he didn’t dare say that aloud.
It made sense that she wanted to sit on a branch. That way, nobody would notice her.
At night, moonlight spilled from the sky, covering the pitch-black forest with a silvery veil.
Jiang Hao looked up at the moonlight, then looked in the direction of the altar.
He noticed that the altar emitted a faint glow under the moonlight. It seemed that the power was being activated, but it was still not strong enough.
At that moment, he sensed someone approaching the altar.
“He’s here..”