Chapter 147: Instant Kill
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Seeing the fake stone tablet resonate with the real one, Jiang Hao knew that the real stone tablet was nearby.
If he captured the real person, he might get more information. However, it would be difficult to identify him.
‘Should I use the stone tablet to investigate?’
It might alert the enemy, and the distance was not close enough to pinpoint the exact location.
If the enemy became aware, who knows what would happen? If he fled, it would be difficult to find him again.
At present, the altar held little value for Jiang Hao. He decided to wait.
Since Zuo Lan sought the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm, he might appear when the power manifested in the altar.
Jiang Hao glanced at Hong Yuye. He wanted to tell her that being cautious was normal. Even Zuo Lan was being very cautious.
Hong Yuye saw through his thoughts. “Are you trying to tell me that most people are cautious?”
‘Yes. There are always stronger enemies around, so it helps to be on guard.”
“It’s different.” Hong Yuye gently shook her head. “You are fundamentally different from him. You don’t want to offend anyone, nor do you want others to pay attention to you. Zuo Lan is quite the opposite. He is not afraid of trouble or being watched. He considers himself clever and wise, and unafraid of being found out. He leaves no room for errors. He is confident enough to enjoy himself.”
“Confident?” Jiang Hao looked at the altar as it began to emit light.
He finally understood. Zuo Lan knew that the people from the Bright Moon Sect would appear. He also knew that other owners of the stone tablets were in the Heavenly Earth City. Yet, he had gone ahead with the preparations and conducted the ceremony on the altar.
He successfully held back Fang Jin and the others, initiating his final plan right under their noses. He had made all the preparations beforehand.
While being cautious, he also seemed to have enough confidence in himself.
Understanding this, Jiang Hao decided to work harder in improving his cultivation in the future.
Boom!
Fang Jin kept unleashing powerful spells and bombarding the surroundings. He saw the altar fully activate and gather an immensely powerful force within it.
Once this power condensed completely, he didn’t know if they could get out alive, let alone rescue the disciple from their sect.
“Junior Sister Bai, attack!” Fang Jin said.
Bai Qiong understood. She stepped back and muttered something. Thunder needles penetrated the surroundings of the building.
She flew into the air, her long hair swaying in the wind.
Thunder radiated from her body and surged in the sky.
Then thunderous roars echoed and hit the ground.
“The Heavenly Thunder Formation!” Bai Qiong shouted, and countless thunderbolts came from the earth, resonating with the thunder in the clouds.
Boom!
They collided in the sky. Countless thunderbolts covered the entire building and attacked the altar.
“You set up the Heavenly Thunder Formation here? I thought you had some hidden cards.” Zuo Lan sneered, standing atop the altar.
His body emitted light, and a new power surged in the surrounding, which was driven by his will.
Faced with this Thunder Formation, Zuo Lan merely made a pinching gesture. The stone pillars around the altar began to glow with a blood-red light.
The light converged into a barrier that covered the altar.
Boom!
The thunder struck down.
The nine children bound to the stone pillars screamed.
“This Blood Demonic Formation uses their blood as a trigger. Keep attacking, and when their blood runs out, the formation will break,” Zuo Lan said to Bai Qiong.
Bai Qiong found herself in a dilemma. She hesitated. Right then, something struck her.
“Your weaknesses are too apparent.” Zuo Lan sneered. “Do you know why these nine children are covered in black hoods? I made it so that you won’t be able to recognize the one from your sect. What if your disciple was never here?
Hahaha…
Fang Jin frowned. The tremendous power of the altar made them stop.
If the enemy could control that kind of power, they had no other means to fight him.
“You aren’t stupid. I’ll grant you that. But you aren’t very clever either,” said
Zuo Lan. “There should be someone else with you. Why hasn’t he arrived yet? I’ve made many preparations to welcome him. I hope he hasn’t run off.”
By now, he had absorbed the majority of the power, and the aura of the Primordial Spirit Realm emanated from him.
Fang Jin felt helpless. However, he was also curious. Where was Jiang Hao? What was he waiting for?
Lan Jin still didn’t believe that Jiang Hao was that strong, so she wasn’t surprised that he was hiding.
“If they don’t want to come out, then so be it.” Zuo Lan crouched down and placed his hand on the stone tablet.
Jiang Hao narrowed his eyes. The clone intended to transmit the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm to the original body.
Although he didn’t understand the nature of this power, he had to be cautious. He needed to capture the direction of the power’s aura and prevent the fusion with the original body.
He couldn’t let Zuo Lan’s original body obtain that kind of power.
Just as Jiang Hao prepared to make a move, he discovered that the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm was moving toward the bottom of the altar and was getting absorbed instantly.
A powerful force burst forth from beneath the altar. ‘Zuo Lan is right under the altar?’
Jiang Hao felt a bit disappointed in himself. It was too late.
He could sense that the altar itself was covered in numerous formations, but he didn’t expect someone to be hidden within it.
Boom!
The power of the Primordial Spirit Realm erupted. The altar couldn’t withstand so much power, so it exploded.
A continuous roar shattered the altar, and debris flew in all directions. The first to bear the brunt of it all were the children.
“Oh no…
Fang Jin and the others wanted to rescue them. The children were suffering. However, they were stopped by Zuo Lan’s men.
At that time, nine spirit swords suddenly descended from the sky and landed in front of the nine children with a loud bang.
They blocked the flying debris.
“Who is it?” one of Zuo Lan’s men asked.
Bai Qiong noticed a person standing behind him, aiming his at the man’s neck.
The dagger flew and embedded itself in the neck of the man. The man attempted to escape but another spirit sword appeared in front of him and pierced through his chest.
“Who?” gurgled the man as blood flowed out from his neck. “Who is it?” Another spirit sword stabbed into his back. It pierced through his body.
He coughed up a mouthful of blood. His face filled with terror.
Then, one after another, numerous spirit swords appeared from all directions and impaled themselves into the man.
Only then did Jiang Hao arrive before him, and he slowly grabbed his storage treasure. “Don’t worry. You won’t die alone..”