Chapter 148: Crushing Zuo Lan with Absolute Strength
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Bai Qiong was rooted to the spot. The person had taken only a span of a few breaths to kill the man.
She found it unbelievable as she looked at Jiang Hao. What cultivation realm is he in?’
Both Fang Jin and Lan Jin had stopped fighting. They stepped back, surprised by Jiang Hao’s arrival.
Why has he appeared now? The power of the Primordial Spirit Realm was already released. There was no time!
“You finally came! Were you waiting for me?” asked Zuo Lan. This time, the real Zuo Lan was present.
‘Primordial Spirit Realm…’ Jiang Hao sighed inwardly.
He didn’t want to fight someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm. Among the enemies he had faced till now, Zuo Lan seemed the strongest.
Jiang Hao wasn’t confident. If Hong Yuye didn’t help, he had no choice but to fight alone.
He didn’t know if Hong Yuye would intervene after his defeat.
“I came for the stone tablet.” Jiang Hao looked at Zuo Lan.
Zuo Lan appeared to be in his late twenties, with a pale complexion and well-defined facial features. His tall figure exuded strong spiritual energy.
“Peak of the Golden Core Realm?” Zuo Lan looked at Jiang Hao in disdain. “Do you plan to snatch the stone tablet from my hands? Coincidentally, there is something I want from you. Your presence has disrupted our plan. You think you came looking for me, but I have been the one looking for you all this time.”
Jiang Hao sighed in his heart.
“Who is the person behind you?”
“You’ll know when you meet them.” Zuo Lan looked at Jiang Hao disdainfully.
“You’re lucky. If it was up to me, I would’ve just killed you.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. He wanted to launch a sneak attack, but Zuo Lan’s clone was behind him. There was no opportunity for a surprise attack.
He could only confront him head-on. As for the stone tablet, he didn’t ask for it. If he won, it would be in his hands.
If he lost, it would be meaningless to ask anything at all. He would be dead.
Zuo Lan didn’t make a move, but he turned to look at Fang Jin and the others.
“All of you from the Bright Moon Sect can leave with your disciple. I’m not interested in you anymore.”
“I don’t believe your words.” Fang Jin didn’t hesitate and got ready to attack.
Bai Qiong and Lan Jin followed suit.
At this moment, one person at the peak of the Golden Core Realm and two others in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm moved toward Jiang Hao.
Fang Jin swung his long sword.
Bai Qiong attempted to activate the Thunderstorm Formation again.
Lan Jin gritted her teeth and raised her sword.
However, just as they were about to attack, a blade light suddenly swept past their eyes.
It was the third form of the Heavenly Blade technique: the Meteor.
Clang!
The blade resembled the shadow of the moon. It flew like a shooting star.
Jiang Hao appeared in front of the person in the peak of the Golden Core Realm. He slashed at him.
He was killed with a single slash. The blade did not stop at that. It reappeared in front of the other two in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm.
The blade passed like a meteor rain.
In just a couple of slashes, the two cultivators were instantly beheaded.
The third form of the Heavenly Blade Technique, combined with various footwork and blade techniques, allowed him to swiftly approach the enemy, kill them, and then proceed to another.
Just one slash could kill seven people consecutively.
When he reached the fourth person, Jiang Hao circulated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra at full force.
He arrived in front of Zuo Lan, who was in the Primordial Spirit Realm. “Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit!”
The power of the peak of the Golden Core Realm appeared from the center of his forehead and fused in his body.
He intended to use the third form of Heavenly Blade again. At the same time, purple energy emerged and spread across his entire body, covering the blade in his hand.
Slash!
Jiang Hao used his strongest power to unleash a powerful slash.
The Meteor technique’s speed was unrealistic. Zuo Lan couldn’t even recognize it until Jiang Hao was right in front of him.
Zuo Lan didn’t dare underestimate the enemy and used his defensive magic treasure.
Boom!
Crack!
Bang!
The purple energy swept and shattered the defensive magic treasure. The blade slashed Zuo Lan’s arm.
With a bang, Zuo Lan was sent flying. Blood poured out from his arm. He was heavily wounded by the slash.
Everyone was stunned. Jiang Hao’s attack and Zuo Lan’s injury had happened in a blink of an eye.
It had all been too fast.
Jiang Hao didn’t stop. After knocking Zuo Lan away, he landed beside Zuo Lan’s clone.
Without hesitation, a long spear appeared in his hand, covered by the purple energy. He then struck it. Zuo Lan’s clone didn’t even have time to react when Jiang Hao’s spear shattered its skull.
The purple energy surged. Jiang Hao launched another attack. This time, he used the first form: Moon-Slaying.
Moonlight flashed past. This time, Zuo Lan began to counterattack. He swung his eight-sided sword to fight Jiang Hao.
“You’re not in the Golden Core Realm,” said Zuo Lan. “No! I don’t believe someone at the Golden Core Realm can be my match in a fight!”
Clang!
Power erupted as the saber and the sword collided. Jiang Hao was enveloped in tne purple aura, suppressmg ms opponent witn overwnemmg rorce.
A slash forced the opponent back. He then used the second form of the Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
With a bang, the surrounding buildings and trees instantly turned into rubble. Despite being heavily injured by Mountain Suppression, Zuo Lan swung his sword toward Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao used the third form of the Heavenly Blade: The Meteor. He flitted out of the way. He appeared in front of Zuo Lan again and slashed at him. The eight-sided sword cracked.
Jiang Hao disappeared once again, only to reappear behind Zuo Lan. The second slash came unexpectedly, striking his neck.
Blood gushed out. Zuo Lan clutched his neck in horror. “How is this possible?! Who are you?”
Even as someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm, he was getting crushed by an opponent in the Golden Core Realm!
At this moment, a meteor flashed by. Before anyone could react, a long knife pierced through Zuo Lan’s chest.
Several knives flitted past and impaled themselves on Zuo Lan’s sides and back.
When the meteor dissipated, Zuo Lan was heavily wounded. He was kneeling on the ground. Jiang Hao stood in front of him, activating his wrist guard to use Mountain Suppression.
A scream of agony echoed in the air. As a crushing strength pinned him down,
Zuo Lan’s blood splattered everywhere.
Jiang Hao withdrew the purple energy and sheathed his blade.
His Half-Moon Blade was filled with cracks. He sighed.
At this moment, he was overcome by exhaustion briefly.
It was all because of the nameless manual that he had been able to mask himself.
As expected, facing someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm was too much work. He couldn’t be this reckless in the future.
Fortunately, Zuo Lan hadn’t had the time to refine his cultivation. Otherwise, Jiang Hao would have been in trouble.
Of course, he still retained one trump card. He hadn’t revealed his Primordial Heavenly Sword, Shiyu.
“Now, can you start answering my questions?” said Jiang Hao indifferently.
At this moment, the three people from the Bright Moon Sect came back to their senses.
Lan Jin’s face was filled with fear as she looked at Jiang Hao under the moonlight. The figure standing on corpses was a terrifying existence. She wanted to hide behind her seniors. His indifference and calmness made her even more scared.
‘How could someone in the Golden Core Realm kill someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm?!’
At that moment, she finally understood what her senior brother had meant when he said that one had to keep a low profile and try to befriend others outside the sect.
If she had somehow offended this person, the consequences would have been unimaginable.
Lan Jin felt fortunate that she had followed her senior’s advice.
Fang Jin and Bai Qiong were equally shocked. Jiang Hao’s immense strength was awe-inspiring..