Chapter 150: Young Master and The Maid
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Looking at the note, Jiang Hao couldn’t help but laugh. It was the first time he had obtained such a storage treasure. There was more written on it:
“I have reached the peak of the Golden Core Realm and have been accumulating spirit stones to make a breakthrough to the Primordial Spirit Realm. I have been saving for sixty-eight years, and I have a total of 39,868 spirit stones, along with numerous talismans, treasures, and pills. I also have a formation for seclusion. These are my lifelong savings, but unfortunately, I might die here. I’m telling you all this just to let you know that you missed out on tens and thousands of easily obtainable spirit stones by killing me. Although I’m dead, you will remember my name.
Disciple Donghuo.”
Jiang Hao felt a little regretful. He sighed warily. “Disciple Donghuo… I’ll remember your name, alright.”
He truly hadn’t expected to encounter such a strange cultivator in this world. He felt a little sorry for killing him. However, he didn’t want to encounter someone like him again. It was quite frustrating. If what the note said was true, then he had missed out on an opportunity to become very wealthy. With the spirit stones he already had, he could have obtained a total of forty thousand spirit stones! Suddenly, the spirit stones in his own storage treasure didn’t bring him as much joy as before. One had to admit that Donghuo was quite adept at playing with people’s minds.
In the end, Jiang Hao put away the note, thinking that he could place it in someone else’s storage treasure next time so that others could experience this.
After carefully calculating the spirit stones he possessed, Jiang Hao realized that he was still quite wealthy. He had a total of 12,263 spirit stones. This time was different. He didn’t need to purchase the tea again! Deducting the three thousand spirit stones for the Law Enforcement Hall and another three thousand for purchasing treasures, he would still be left with six thousand spirit stones.
‘I can finally raise the spirit beast properly! I might only obtain a golden bubble… a pity! How long would it take to get two?’
Regardless of whether the spirit beast could awaken its dormant bloodline, it was evident that it would require many spirit stones. He still didn’t have enough spirit stones. Shaking his head, Jiang Hao checked his own condition.
He wasn’t in good shape after killing Zuo Lan.
“The Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability is indeed powerful but quite exhausting,” muttered Jiang Hao. “I should take the Spirit Regenerating Pill early to avoid any complications. The Half Moon Blade has cracked again… Jiang Hao sighed.
“The Half-Moon Blade wasn’t strong enough to be used with all the three forms of the Heavenly Blade. Maybe using the Primordial Heavenly Blade would have been easier.”
“Although Zuo Lan possessed the power of the Primordial Spirit Realm, he hadn’t refined his cultivation yet. Someone truly in the Primordial Spirit Realm would be much stronger. Next time, I need to be less reckless…”
Jiang Hao reflected on himself. Just because he had killed Zuo Lan didn’t mean he could take on someone who was in the Primordial Spirit Realm anytime. He needed to remember that.
After meditating for a moment, Jiang Hao confirmed that his body had no hidden injuries.
After resting tonight, his strength would be restored fully.
However, he needed to store some energy in the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit, and he also needed to restore the attacks in his wrist guard.
He just had to decide which two forms to use from the three forms he had already learned. Each had its own unique characteristics and strength.
Moon-Slaying was a powerful offensive technique. Mountain Suppression overwhelmed and suppressed the opponent, and the Meteor gave him unbelievable speed.
Mountain Suppression was a must, as its imposing force was astonishing.
Between Moon-Slaying and the Meteor…
After some hesitation, Jiang Hao chose Moon-Slaying.
The Meteor was physically demanding. If he was gravely injured, he might not be able to use that power.
But Moon-Slaying was different. It could be used directly without the consumption of energy.
With these decisions made, Jiang Hao began his cultivation.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao activated the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit and restored his power of the Golden Core Realm at the center of his forehead. Then, he rested to recover his strength.
At Noon, Jiang Hao stored the two attacks, Moon-Slaying and Mountain Suppression, in his wrist guard.
After completing these things, he let out a sigh of relief. He was restored to his peak condition, but he was still lacking a proper blade.
“It’s a pity that the marketplace only opens once a month. It’s a bit inconvenient.”
Jiang Hao would make do with an ordinary blade for now. Occasionally, green bubbles also contained swords.
Altnougn ne wastea quite a rew sworas last mgnt, ne Still naa some spirit swords left. It would be enough for now.
However, if he wanted to unleash enough power, he needed a good blade.
Jiang Hao watched the people below from his window. He brewed a pot of tea for himself. He used the Snow Queen Spring tea.
Although he was in good condition now, the tea made him feel even more refreshed.
Of course, part of the reason was that he had twelve thousand spirit stones on him. He felt good when he had money on his hands.
It made him more willing to make a pot of tea that cost around fifty-five spirit stones.
Afterward, he began thinking about the next course of action.
Zuo Lan was killed. It would be very difficult to find stone tablets unless there was a substantial breakthrough with the three stone tablets they already had.
They would have to search from one city to the next.
“There are still two and a half months left. I wonder if there will be any progress… Zuo Yutian… I have to find some clues about him.”
These were matters that Hong Yuye needed to be concerned about, but the problem was that Jiang Hao was pressed for time. He had to return to the sect within three months.
After pondering for a while, Jiang Hao got up and left the room. He wanted to wander around the city.
When he went downstairs, he heard a little girl exclaiming loudly.
“No, you can’t send the young master away. Wherever he goes, I’ll go too!”
Jiang Hao was puzzled when he saw Fang Jin and the others in the hallway. They appeared frustrated.
In front of them stood a frail little girl, holding onto an equally frail little boy and refusing to let go. The boy appeared to be around eleven or twelve years of age. The girl must be around ten.
Upon closer inspection, Jiang Hao noticed her eyes. Despite her frail appearance, her determined eyes exerted its will.
He knew that the little girl had exceptional talent. It was no wonder she was chosen by the Bright Moon Sect.
Then Jiang Hao turned to look at the little boy. He looked conflicted as though he was making a hard decision.
Upon careful observation, Jiang Hao felt that there was something strange about the boy. It seemed he exuded various auras but all of them were weak.
“Is he unwell?” Jiang Hao asked curiously.
Bai Qiong noticed him. “Fellow Disciple Jiang, hello,” she said.
“I apologize for any inconvenience caused, my friend,” said Fang Jin bitterly.
Lan Jin remained silent. She had learned her lesson.
Fortunately, Jiang Hao wasn’t a person of bad temperament. Otherwise, if he kept a grudge against her, even her seniors might not have been able to protect her.
“That’s alright,” said Jiang Hao. He looked at the little girl. “Is this your junior sister? She doesn’t seem willing to leave with you.”
“Indeed…. We can’t make a decision right now. We will have to wait for our senior uncles to arrive,” said Fang Jin. He explained the situation briefly to Jiang Hao.
The young girl was Chu Jie. She used to be a maid in the Chu family. All that was left of the Chu family now was the young master, Chu Chuan. They relied on each other and survived for three years.
Although life was tough, Chu Jie continued to serve as a maid to her young master.
She had a single-minded determination and only saw her duty to the Chu family. She insisted on staying by her young master’s side.
Chu Jie refused to be separated from him..