Chapter 151: Taking in A Disciple?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao sat by the table and listened attentively, somewhat surprised by what he heard.
At first glance, the situation seemed complicated, but when summarized. However, everything was quite simple. The maid had exceptional talent but didn’t want to be separated from her young master.
“By the way, we already arranged everything for the other children. They have been returned to their parents. If they are willing, the Chen family can take them in as well. After all, they are all talented individuals. It’s not easy to find seven disciples at once,” Fang Jin said.
Jiang Hao nodded and looked at Chu Chuan, sitting in the corner. “That young boy also has some talent. Can’t you take him back together with the girl? Is his talent not sufficient to enter the sect?”
“He… can’t enter.”
Fang Jin sighed. “I checked him. Chu Chuan has average talent, but it barely reaches the third section of the jade. It’s not that we can’t take him along, but… he would be the lowest-ranking individual in the entire sect. It would come as a blow to him. He would also only have access to ordinary cultivation techniques. It would be better for me to teach him a better technique now and let him cultivate it in a different place. Although I don’t have much prestige, my words still hold some weight in our small sect. This way, he can cultivate better and receive better treatment. Unfortunately, Chu Jie is unwilling. Even if we place him in the outer sect, it wouldn’t be good for him.”
Jiang Hao understood that where there was competition, there would naturally be winners and losers. Weak people were harassed everywhere, especially if they had low talent. This was even more prevalent in the demonic sects.
Therefore, the boy had to demonstrate good talent while cultivating quietly. Only then would he be able to avoid harassment from others.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh as he looked at the two children. These two kids who had relied on each other for so long would eventually have to take different paths in life.
At this moment, Lan Jin was still trying to persuade the children.
Chu Jie refused to compromise at all, but Chu Chuan seemed to understand the situation.
“Go with them,” he said earnestly to the girl beside him. “When I make a name for myself here, I will come to your sect to find you. By then, I will definitely be able to protect you.”
To Bai Qiong and the others, these were words of comfort. The little boy was trying hard to console the little girl. In the future, she would surpass the boy in every aspect.
Even Jiang Hao thought the same. The gap between them was just too great.
Unless the young boy encountered something extraordinary, he couldn’t match up to his maid in talent.
The young boy seemed somewhat out of place in Jiang Hao’s eyes.
Jiang Hao activated his Daily Appraisal ability.
[Chu Chuan: A destitute young master. His immortal heart still carries an unyielding spirit. Despite his frail body, he holds an undefeated faith. No matter what difficulties he faces, he keeps becoming stronger and braver. He will soar to the heavens like a dragon.]
Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. This little boy was similar to Zhou Chan.
If this kind of person really joined the Bright Moon Sect, there was a high possibility that he would rise up in the ranks. He would undoubtedly face harassment from those stronger than him, but his faith and willpower were indomitable.
“Perhaps you can consider taking him back with you,” Jiang Hao suggested to Fang Jin.
“If there’s no other way, we’ll have to do that. Our senior uncles might arrive within a day or two. They will have to decide,” said Fang Jin, shaking his head.
Jiang Hao didn’t say much. He felt that the Bright Moon Sect would be at a loss if they didn’t accept the boy.
Chu Jie shook her head. “Without me, how will you take care of yourself, Young Master?”
“Look at it this way… if you join the sect and learn to cultivate, wouldn’t you be better able to take care of me?”
“Yeah. In a few years, our sect will have a Dao Discussion event. Your young master can come and see how you’ve grown,” said Lan Jin. “When you become stronger, you can protect your young master better than you can now.” The words stirred some interest in Chu Jie.
Jiang Hao smiled, then bid farewell to Fang Jin. He didn’t want to get involved and decided to wander around the city.
This time, Jiang Hao had no specific goal. He was just hoping to find some bubbles.
On the way, he thought about Chu Chuan. With his hidden immortal heart, he was like a spirit beast with a dormant bloodline. It was a pity that no one had a way of tapping into that and helping the boy. At least with spirit beasts, it could be done by spending some spirit stones. If there was a way like that, Jiang Hao would have taken the boy with him. He knew that humans couldn’t drop bubbles.
After a stroll, Jiang Hao bought some food and headed back to his room. He continued studying the nameless manual. The more he studied it, the better he felt about controlling the power within his body.
The next morning, Jiang Hao was startled awake. He felt a powerful aura approaching from afar. In the end, it descended in front of the inn.
“So formidable… even Zuo Lan seems as insignificant as a grain of rice before that aura. Whoever it belongs to might even have surpassed the Primordial Spirit Realm..
Jiang Hao’s first thought was that Fang Jin’s senior uncles must have arrived. It was best to keep a low profile in front of such a powerful individual. He decided not to go out and focus on his cultivation instead.
The next day, someone knocked on Jiang Hao’s door.
This was the third day since Hong Yuye had gone into seclusion. Today was the
last day of Jiang Hao’s freedom.
“Fellow Disciple Jiang, are you in there?” asked Fang Jin.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand why Fang Jin had come to look for him. Maybe to bid him farewell.
He noticed Fang Jin’s awkward mile as he opened the door. “Fellow Disciple Jiang, are you free right now? Can we go downstairs for a while? My senior uncle wishes to see you. It’s just a request, so please don’t misunderstand.” ‘A request?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
Nevertheless, he nodded and accepted. He had sensed the formidable strength of Fang Jin’s senior uncle. He couldn’t refuse. Hong Yuye might have been able to handle him, but Jiang Hao wasn’t at that level yet.
Jiang Hao went downstairs with fang Jin and saw three other people there.
One middle-aged man and two young men.
There was nothing noteworthy about the two young men. Their cultivation was merely at the Golden Core Realm.
The person of concern was the middle-aged man sitting in the chair. He appeared calm, and a powerful aura emanated from him. It made his presence known.
“I am Jiang Hao Tian. Please accept my humble greeting,” said Jiang Hao.
“Please have a seat,” said Han Xiao and motioned toward a chair calmly. “I am
Han Xiao. I have a small question for you, Junior.”
“Please go ahead,” said Jiang Hao humbly and sat across from him.
Han Xiao looked at Jiang Hao with a smile. “I heard that your strength is remarkable.. I wonder if you have any intentions of taking on disciples?”