Chapter 152: The Bright Moon Sect Give Too Much
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Only Jiang Hao and the guests were in the living room, besides Fang Jin. Fang Jin, Jiang Hao, and Han Xiao sat at a table.
The two young men stood behind Han Xiao, while Jiang Hao sat across from him.
Fang Jin sat beside them and watched everything quietly.
Jiang Hao was puzzled. “As a junior with limited qualification and insufficient strength, I am unable to be a teacher to any disciple.”
“Young friend, don’t be in a hurry to refuse. Why not listen to our opinions first?” Han Xiao said politely.
“Fellow Disciple Jiang, you already know about our young junior sister’s situation. We tried to persuade her in the past few days, and she finally agreed to join our sect. However, she has a condition. She agrees to join us only if we find a suitable master for Chu Chuan. She also said that she wants her young master to be able to participate in the Bright Moon Sect’s social gathering. The latter is easy, but the former is difficult. Your strength is apparent to us all. We hope you’ll consider taking in Chu Chuan as your disciple.”
“I have no intention of taking in disciples at the moment,” said Jiang Hao.
Although Chu Chuan was special, taking in disciples was very troublesome. Jiang Hao found it hard to protect himself. How could he even think of taking up responsibility for another person?
Furthermore, being a teacher was not an easy task. He just didn’t want to mislead a young person. If he could become stronger and have fewer enemies in the future, he might consider it. It was impossible for now.
Han Xiao took out a jade pendant and an invitation card. He gently placed them on the table.
“The jade pendant is a token of honor for distinguished guests of the Bright Moon Sect. If you face any problems in the future, you can ask us for help. The invitation card can be used for joining conferences and explorations of the Bright Moon Sect.”
This was a great gift. It wasn’t given to just anyone. If he needed to flee in the future, the Bright Moon Sect would help him. He could even seek shelter there temporarily.
“I also heard that you like tea. I have some good quality tea here that I would like to give you as a gift,” said Han Xiao and took out an exquisite box.
Jiang Hao looked at the box.
“Open it and take a look,” Han Xiao said with a smile.
Jiang Hao moved the box closer and opened it. Emerald green tea leaves with a touch of fiery red on the edges. He could recognize that tea anywhere! It was the Red Azure tea.
Jiang Hao was shocked.
“Our request is simple. Please accept Chu Chuan and teach him cultivation, ” said Han Xiao. “In a few years, the Bright Moon Sect will hold a Dao
Conference. If he wants to attend, you can send him to us. If he doesn’t want to, that’s fine too.’
“Do you think Chu Chuan has no potential?” asked Jiang Hao.
“His willpower is fine, but… his talent is just average. He could join the outer sect, but it might affect the young girl’s progress. We are willing to accept her conditions because they will understand as they grow. By then, it won’t affect the girl’s cultivation,” said Han Xiao.
Jiang Hao understood him. In a few years, Chu Jie, with her extraordinary cultivation, would be in the Foundation Establishment Realm. However, Chu Chuan might only be in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm at that time. It would be a world of difference.
Jiang Hao felt that the people of the Bright Moon Sect were actually very decent. They weren’t forcing Chu Jie in any way and were accommodating of her conditions.
If it was a demonic sect like the Heavenly Note Sect, they would have taken who they wanted without considering what the person might feel. “Don’t you want to know which sect I’m from?” asked Jiang Hao.
Han Xiao shook his head. “That doesn’t matter.”
Jiang Hao realized that knowing about it might create trouble for both sides, so they didn’t ask. They just wanted to solve the problem at hand at all costs. All other things were secondary.
“You’ve done enough already,” said Fang Jin. “But we would be very grateful if you could do this for us. We know it’s a lot to ask.”
“Do Chu Chuan and the others know about my cultivation realm?” Jiang Hao asked.
“They don’t,” Fang Jin said. “In their eyes, you are at the middle stage of the
Foundation Establishment Realm.”
Jiang Hao looked at Fang Jin. “Do they know who killed Zuo Lan?”
Fang Jin shook his head. “They don’t know that exactly, but they know that you were involved somehow.”
Jiang Hao always kept his cultivation level fixed at the mid-stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He speculated that the other side wanted to hide their cultivation realm too.
Jiang Hao gave it some thought. He accepted the jade pendant. The Red Azure tea was a bonus.
He had a mission, and he was taking someone back to the sect. If the Law Enforcement Hall accepted that as a fulfillment of the mission, all would be well. Even if they didn’t, he would just need to pay the fine. There was no harm in this.
Moreover, the Bright Moon Sect was trying to fulfill Chu Jie’s request. They didn’t really care for Chu Chuan. Even if he ended up dead in the process, that wouldn’t matter to them.
“I cannot accept disciples,” said Jiang Hao.
Han Xiao frowned.
“However, I’ll take Chu Chuan back with me to my sect and leave him in the care of my master. That way, I will be able to help him as best as I can. When the time comes, I will help him if he wants to head to the Bright Moon Sect. That’s the only thing I can do.”
Jiang Hao waited for Han Xiao and Fang Jin’s decision. The difference between a disciple and an apprentice was like heaven and earth. Fang Jin was a little puzzled. “Why won’t you accept disciples?”
Jiang Hao smiled. “Would you accept disciples if it were you?”
“I don’t have enough seniority in the sect…” Fang Jin was surprised by the question. He finally understood that even he wouldn’t be able to do the thing he asked Jiang Hao to do.
Han Xiao lowered his head and thought for a moment. At last, he nodded. “Aright. I agree with your proposal.”
Han Xiao took out a storage treasure and put it on the table. “I prepared these for him. There are some cultivation pills, techniques, and treasures. Please give this to him when it’s the right time.”
“Can I take a look?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Of course.” Han Xiao nodded. He turned to Fang Jin. “The rest is up to you now. I have to leave the city for a while to deal with some people.”
After saying that, he left with his companions.
Jiang Hao speculated that they were probably on their way to deal with the people from the Heavenly Saint Sect. That worried him. If the people from the Heavenly Saint Sect found out that he was here, the consequences would be grave.
“Friend, please put away these things. Please keep the jade pendant well,” said Fang Jin. “I believe you understand that this jade pendant represents a favor from the Bright Moon Sect. The Bright Moon Sect will agree to any favor that you need, whether it’s something small or big. For example, joining the sect or helping with a task. However, once the favor is used, the jade pendant will be reclaimed. If unused, you will always be regarded as an esteemed guest of the Bright Moon Sect. Having this status within the boundaries of the sect will be very convenient for you in the future.”
“It would be best if you refine it to prevent it from being stolen,” said Fang Jin. Jiang Hao picked up the jade pendant, which had the words “Bright Moon Sect” engraved on it. It was a treasure.
He refined it right away..