Chapter 153: Do I Have to Be Next to the Demoness While She Bathes?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao felt that once the imprint was erased, the jade pendant would self-destruct. The pendant emitted a gentle aura that calmed one’s heart and settled one’s spirit.
Fang Jin pointed at the invitation card. “This invitation card should be signed by you and Chu Chuan. If someone impersonates you, it may not be immediately noticeable. If you have this, we will know it’s really you. Please don’t lose it.”
Jiang Hao didn’t think much about it. This card would only be useful for major events like the Dao Conference. He didn’t really need it. It was mainly for Chu
Chuan.
He also put away the Red Azure tea, which was of even better quality than the one he had recently bought.
He earned over ten thousand spirit stones and no longer needed to worry about Hong Yuye asking for more tea.
“As for the contents of this storage treasure, you should keep them well. How you distribute them to Chu Chuan is up to you,” Fang Jin said.
After a brief look at the storage treasure, Jiang Hao found a cultivation technique called the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refining Art. He also found some spirit-regenerating pills, and some talismans. A Foundation Establishment Realm treasure, and five hundred spirit stones. This was quite generous.
At the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, Chu Chuan wouldn’t have been able to accumulate so many spirit stones. Having so much money in his hands would affect how he conducted himself in the sect. It might lead to arrogance and early death.
“I will give him a little bit at each stage,” Jiang Hao said. Since he had gained many benefits from the Bright Moon Sect, he would do his best to reciprocate.
Fang Jin nodded.
Jiang Hao glanced at the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refining Art technique. Although it only recorded up to the Foundation Establishment Realm, it was a powerful technique. It even surpassed the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note. It utilized starlight as a guide to draw in the lifeblood and integrate it into one’s body. It was most suitable for newcomers to cultivate at night, as their cultivation speed would greatly increase because the star-moon lifeblood was abundant at night. This was suitable for spells. The Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note focused on blood and energy resonance for the better temperament of the physique.
The Heavenly Note Sect didn’t have any specific requirements regarding the kind of technique one followed.
In the afternoon, Fang Jin and the others prepared to leave.
“Young Master, you must come and find me when you can,” Chu Jie said in a tiny voice.
Chu Chuan readily agreed. “Of course. Please take care of yourself.”
“Definitely,” said Jiang Hao and bowed.
“Thank you, Disciple Jiang, for saving my life before.” Bai Qiong bowed to him gratefully.
“You’re too kind. You have nothing to thank me for,” Jiang Hao said politely.
“I… I may have offended you before. Please forgive me,” said Lan Jin, feeling a
little embarrassed.
“No need for that. I didn’t take it to heart.”
Jiang Hao was surprised at Lan Jin’s apology.
After a while, Fang Jin and the others turned around and left. They flew away with Chu Jie. He could vaguely hear their conversations as they flew away.
“Junior Sister Lan, you’ve grown a lot.”
“I’m not an ungrateful person. That’s all.”
“Learn more about how to interact with others, and you’ll be able to accompany other juniors out of the sect someday.”
Jiang Hao watched them leave. He felt a little envious that he didn’t have seniors like that who guided him. He had so many trust issues that whenever someone treated him well, he only felt suspicious of them. He felt that sometimes the immortal sects were much better than demonic sects.
“Will I ever see Chu Jie again?” asked Chu Chuan. Jiang Hao looked at the little bot. “What do you think?”
“I’ll work hard. I must go and see her someday!”
“It’s good to have such confidence.” Jiang Hao looked up at the sky. “Sometimes people might have very high ambitions, but their life may be as fragile as a glass that might shatter at any minute. Do you think such a person can achieve greatness?”
“I… I don’t know how to answer that,” said Chu Chuan.
“Remember… you need to survive first, ” said Jiang Hao. “That is the most important thing. As long as you’re alive, you can do anything.”
“Do I have to endure it when people harass me?” Chu Chuan suddenly asked.
“Only you can answer that. If you think you have no other way than to endure it, then do it. However, if you think you can fight back, then do so. No matter what you do, you have to be prepared for the consequences.”
Jiang Hao walked toward the backyard of the inn. Chu Chuan followed him.
“My sect is not an easy place to survive. With your average talent, you will naturally have to endure more than others,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao sat down in the pavilion in the backyard. Chu Chuan stood by his side. He felt nervous.
“Have you made up your mind? My sect is not a good place, ” Jiang Hao said.
“I have made up my mind,” said Chu Chuan. “I might not be able to become as strong as Chu Jie. But I still want to try, so that I might be able to see her one day.”
“Alright,” said Jiang Hao. “You have two options for cultivation techniques. One is the Heavenly Note Sect’s Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note technique. The other is the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Art.” “Which one is more powerful?” Chu Chuan asked.
Jiang Hao poured himself a cup of tea. “In my opinion, the Star-Moon
Lifeblood Refining Art surpasses the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note in many aspects.”
“What do you think I should cultivate, Master?” Chu Chuan tentatively asked.
“Call me Senior Brother,” said Jiang Hao. “The Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note.”
‘Why?” Chu Chuan was puzzled.
“Granted, it isn’t as strong as the other one, but it’ll be easier for me to guide you in that technique because I already practice that.”
Chu Chuan nodded. “Then it shall follow the Hundred Revolutions of the
Heavenly Note.”
Jiang Hao looked at the little boy. His future had been determined by others so easily till now. He didn’t know whether it was absurd.
Jiang Hao did feel that the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note suited Chu Chuan. Whether it would do him good was left to be found out.
Jiang Hao taught Chu Chuan the static and dynamic exercises of the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note.
“Once you’ve made some progress, I will give you the things that the Bright Moon Sect left for you. After you join the sect, I will have someone test your progress every week. It might be tough for you. You can choose not to be tested if you feel like that. If, at any point, you feel like you dont want to be in the heavenly Note Sect anymore, you can come and tell me. I’ll find someone to send you out of the sect. However, after you reach the Foundation Establishment Realm, I’ll no longer be responsible for you. Every choice you make will be your own.”
After that, Jiang Hao arranged a place for him to stay and allowed him to cultivate on his own. He then greeted Chen Quan and the others.
The next day, Jiang Hao went to Hong Yuye’s room. As soon as he entered, a stone tablet was thrown at him. Before he could carefully examine the stone tablet, Hong Yuye turned to him.
“Prepare some hot water for me. I want to take a bath.”
Jiang Hao wasn’t surprised. She hadn’t been out of her room in days! However, he was rooted to the spot.
“You cannot leave my room while I’m bathing. If you dare to peek, you know the consequences.”
Jiang Hao looked at the wooden tub behind the folding screen. He was shocked and worried. If it was any other woman, he would have felt nothing. He had no desire to peek.
However, with Hong Yuye, it was different. She made him restless and stupid.
He had the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison to thank for that.. He couldn’t understand her at all!