Chapter 154: An Undercover Agent?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao prepared hot water for Hong Yuye.
After testing the water temperature and making sure it wasn’t too hot, he stepped out from behind the folding screen. “Senior, the water is ready.” “Is the door closed?” Hong Yuye asked as she got up from the table.
“It’s closed,” Jiang Hao said.
“Close the window as well.” Hong Yuye walked behind the folding screen.
Jiang Hao closed the window.
“Place a chair and sit in front of the folding screen with your back facing it.” Jiang Hao followed the instructions.
Once he was seated, he heard her undressing. She then hung the clothes on the folding screen.
Jiang Hao felt a bit uneasy.
Although Jiang Hao could function normally when facing her, he felt that might easily lose control.
Splash!
The water splashed as someone stepped into the tub.
“Focus on the door and window,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao covered his energy trails with his Golden Core Realm ability.
Considering Hong Yuye’s strength, Jiang Hao didn’t think anyone could get close to her. This was deliberately making things difficult for him.
Splash, splash!
Jiang Hao guessed Hong Yuye was pouring water over her body. A floral fragrance drifted out.
Jiang Hao felt somewhat restless. He took a deep breath to calm himself.
“Senior, there’s something I want to discuss with you.”
“What is it?” Hong Yuye asked from behind the folding screen.
Jiang Hao could guess that Hong Yuye loved taking baths.
“When I left the sect with you, I received a mission for recruitment. So, when we return, we might have an extra person traveling with us to the sect.”
“Have you decided on the recruit?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Yes. It’s been decided alreadv,” said lianc Hao.
“Assigned by the Bright Moon Sect?”
‘Yes.”
When Han Xiao arrived, there was a lot of commotion. Even Jiang Hao was able to sense his arrival, let alone Hong Yuye.
“What reward did they give you?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao heard the water splashing again. “They gave me some Red Azure tea.”
“What else?” “An invitation card too.”
“Anything else?”
The splash of water subsided. A vast and majestic aura emerged.
However, it quickly dissipated. Soon, Hong Yuye resumed her bath and the water splashed in the tub again. “Let’s pretend for argument’s sake that that’s all you received.”
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief.
“Have you ever considered joining the Bright Moon Sect?” asked Hong Yuye curiously. “The people of the Bright Moon Sect seemed to have favored you.” “Senior, you must be joking. I still have your flower to take care of.”
“Why not take the flower with you?” Hong Yuye asked.
‘Elder Baizhi would kill me….
“Leaving the Heavenly Note Sect will be considered a betrayal. I’ll be hunted down,” said Jiang Hao “As a disciple of a demonic sect, my style of cultivation leans toward the demonic path. It might be difficult to settle in an immortal sect.”
Although Jiang Hao has always remained true to himself, the demonic sect had done what it could to influence him. He could feel the changes in him.
Jiang Hao had realized that he was different from Fang Jin and the others. It might not be a good thing to join an immortal sect, after all. He might not be able to fit in.
A while passed and Hong Yuye didn’t say anything else. There was only the sound of water splashing in the tub.
After a while, the splashing stopped.
“Senior, have you finished bathing?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Do you want to bathe too?” Hong Yuye walked out from behind the folding screen, looking at Jiang Hao with a teasing smile.
A familiar fragrance accompanied her. She had changed her clothes.
“No, it’s alright.”
Hong Yuye had changed into a different dress. Her previous red and white dress was replaced by an orange one.
A white belt cinched her waist, and the hem reached her ankles.
“Tidy up and get ready to leave,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao packed some things and bid farewell to Chen Quan. He also requested the man to take care of Chu Chuan in his absence.
He didn’t take Chu Chuan along with him right now. Jiang Hao asked him to wait here at the inn and told him that he would pick him up when he returned to the sect.
There were formations and spirit herbs in the backyard, which would make his cultivation twice as effective.
With the Chen family around, there should be no problems. He also left some talismans for Chu Chuan, just in case.
“I will come to pick you up in a month or two,” Jiang Hao said to Chu Chuan.
After that, he left Heavenly Earth City with Hong Yuye.
On the way, Hong Yuye looked at him. “Won’t the people from the sect think that you ran away?”
“They have given me a time limit of three months,” said Jiang Hao. “If I don’t return in three months, they might think I ran away.”
Hong Yuye didn’t ask anything further.
“Did you find any more clues from the stone tablets?” Jiang Hao asked. Hong Yuye shook her head. “No. That’s where you come in. You need to figure it out.”
“What is the purpose of the new stone tablet?” Jiang Hao asked as he took out the recently acquired stone tablet.
“This stone tablet is quite interesting,” Hong Yuye said. “Inside, you can see the messages from other people, but it seems there is someone with a higher authority controlling it. We don’t know the whereabouts of other stone tablets. In theory, the people who are involved should know about it. Once my influence on the stone tablet disappears, you will infiltrate them and find out their location or the whereabouts of the person that controls everything.”
“Infiltrate?” Jiang Hao felt uneasy. He had seen many infiltrators around him. Traitors in the sect who had wanted to kill him. He had never expected to go undercover himself.
Fortunately, he wasn’t infiltrating the Heavenly Note Sect. He knew what happened to traitors there.
The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was still in his courtyard. Elder Baizhi would definitely keep a close eye on his activities. As long as he was clean, he wouldn’t have to worry.
After considering it, Jiang Hao felt that it was dangerous. However, nothing and nobody was as dangerous as the beautiful woman he was traveling with.
“If there are no positions available, then we can only search one city at a time.” Jiang Hao frowned. “After the incident with Zuo Lan, they might stay away from Hidden Cloud Prefecture.”
Hidden Cloud Prefecture was vast. Three months wouldn’t be enough to search all the places.
If worse came to worst, he would have to ask Hong Yuye to let him return. If he didn’t return to the sect, he would be considered a traitor and hunted. The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower would be neglected.
That was reason enough to return to the sect on time.
They arrived at the nearest city, Waterwood City.
After staying there for three days without any new clues, Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye continued on.
They arrived at Luo Yuan City. There was a spiritual mine here.
Hong Yuye observed the place for a long time.
“Do you think this place is special, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked..