Chapter 155: Extraordinary Grace
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the edge of the mining site, a desolate area stretched out. Further away, there were lush trees. Hong Yuye stood at a high point, gazing at the mining site.
“The mining site itself isn’t very special. It’S the terrain that’s a bit peculiar. The spiritual energy condenses but doesn’t disperse. It’s a good place.”
“What’s the use of this terrain?” Jiang Hao asked. He looked at the terrain closely but couldn’t find anything out of place.
Glancing at Jiang Hao, Hong Yuye smiled. “Underneath the mine, there are tombs. They are not ordinary tombs. Perhaps they have never been discovered.”
‘Tombs?’ Jiang Hao was astonished.
“Should we go down to take a look?” he asked.
Hong Yuye sneered and turned away. She had looked at him with such disdain that Jiang Hao felt self-conscious.
“What’s the point of visiting a place where the dead rest?” Hong Yuye said. “It’S bad luck.”
Listening to her words, Jiang Hao felt even more impressed by Hong Yuye’s strength. Her cultivation, knowledge, and mindset were all extraordinary.
However, sometimes she made him feel strange. Not only did she claim the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower from his courtyard, but she also took away his discarded treasures.
Lost in thought, he momentarily forgot to keep up with her.
“Do you want to stay and mine?” Hong Yuye turned back and asked.
“No… It’s just… I was thinking about how I admire your boldness, Senior,” said Jiang Hao.
“Are you lying again?”
“No,” Jiang Hao said.
Hong Yuye stopped and looked at Jiang Hao. A smile appeared on her face.
Jiang Hao was a bit startled. He lowered his head.
A red light flashed, and they disappeared from the spot.
In the blink of an eye, Jiang Hao found himself in Luo Yuan City. This was the most prosperous and populous city in the vicinity. It also had a considerable number of cultivators.
Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye stayed in the city for four days. He even sold some items.
He earned about 2,500 spirit stones. He now had about 14,700 spirit stones in total.
Jiang Hao spent 3,700 spirit stones to buy a blade. The craftsmanship of the blade was average, and the quality was decent. It was suitable for the Golden Core Realm and the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The blade was light and handy but didn’t have any other unique traits. Its only advantage was durability.
It was dark red, but the edge was silver. The blade didn’t have a name, so Jiang Hao decided to call it Half-Moon Blade, like all the others.
After four days with no new clues, Jiang Hao and Hong Yuye moved to other cities.
They stopped for a few days in each city they passed.
Sometimes they encountered trouble, but Jiang Hao usually resolved it quickly so that it wouldn’t affect Hong Yuye.
Midway, they ran out of silver coins. Jiang Hao had to “borrow” some from a wealthy family with a terrible reputation.
They then continued on with their journey. More than two months passed in a flash.
Jiang Hao realized that he now had only ten days to return to the sect.
Months of searching had yielded no results. They visited various small sects and cities. They found some clues but the people they were looking for had long fled the place.
After Zuo Lan’s death, they either fled or retreated to other places.
During this time, Jiang Hao studied the stone tablet. He discovered an area for exchanging messages. However, it couldn’t be used.
Upon examination, he found that Hong Yuye had exerted an influence to prevent the owner of the tablet from discovering their location.
They had to wait for her power to dissipate. Only then could they use the stone tablet.
‘Buy why does the tablet have an information exchange area?’ wondered Jiang
Hao.
Jiang Hao decided to study it when he returned.
“This is the last city in the vicinity. Other cities are far away from here,” Jiang Hao said as he looked at the small city ahead.
Hong Yuye was still wearing her orange and white dress. She hadn’t asked him to prepare water for any more baths.
Jiang Hao guessed that the stone tablet might have consumed her energy before, so she had asked for a bath.
“Do you want to go back?” Hong Yuye asked softly as she walked ahead.
“I’m sorry. I will have to return to the sect within the time limit,” said Jiang Hao apologetically.
“In that case, pray that your undercover mission yields useful information. Otherwise…”
Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao. “By now, I hope you know the consequences of failure.’
Jiang Hao lowered his head. “Yes.”
“In three days, if we don’t discover anything, I’ll send you back,” said Hong Yuye. “Do you know how many people have been trying to find your location during this journey?”
Jiang Hao’s heart skipped a beat. He was curious, but he didn’t know what Hong Yuye was implying. He didn’t respond.
Hong Yuye didn’t care about Jiang Hao’s silence. She walked ahead, but her voice reached his ear.
“There are a total of four groups of people trying to find you. Two of them are going all out. You dislike being in the limelight so much, but it seems you have quite a talent for attracting attention. I thought you were invisible.”
“Senior, you must be kidding!” Jiang Hao sighed.
Jiang Hao felt worried, especially since he didn’t know who those people were. The two fanatical ones must be the Heavenly Saint Sect and the Sunset Immortal Sect.
He didn’t know about the others. Perhaps they were the Blackheaven Sect and the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
Regardless, he must avoid venturing outside alone.
After returning, he would continue cultivating. If enough time passed by, any grudge could be resolved.
However, one thing was certain. All the people searching for him were having a hard time pinning his location.
Either Hong Yuye masked his location, or some treasure was doing it for him. It would be better to make people think he had treasures that masked his location than an expert who’s helping him.
“Senior, do the stone tablets have the ability to conceal my location?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Barely… However, the stone tablets are special, and few people can see through them, ” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao felt relieved. If he were noticed by the seniors of the sect, he would just shift the blame to the stone tablets.
If they questioned him about the origin of the stone tablets, he could just make something up. This world was filled with strange things, after all.
Jiang Hao looked toward the city that lay ahead. It was their last stop.
In these two months, he had also looked for his family along with finding clues for the stone tablets.
Although he was sold at the age of five, he had lived with them as a child. Even though his family hadn’t been very kind to him, he was still grateful that they had raised him. They had taught him to read and write.
After he was sold to the heavenly Note Sect, life had been tough. He had no one to rely on. His life was much more difficult than having to chop firewood at home every day.
He wished to see them one last time, but he couldn’t find them anywhere. This was the last city where ordinary non-cultivators lived.
If they were still alive, they should be here.
However, he didn’t find them there either.
Three days later, Jiang Hao left the city. In these three days, he had gained nothing.
He thought of the worst possible thing that might have happened to his family..