Chapter 156: Junior Brother, The Mission Has Failed
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao visited all the nearby towns and cities, starting with Fallen City. He had even asked around in the nearby villages. Logically, his stepmother and his father should have been in one of these places. However, he found nothing.
He had thought that he could meet them and resolve everything once and for all. He just wanted a chance to say a proper goodbye. When he was sold at five, the only thing he had felt then was fear and resentment. He hadn’t even bid them farewell.
It had been seventeen years since he had last seen them.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to think the worst.
Perhaps they had left for a city or town further away. It wasn’t impossible. A lot could change in seventeen years!
That would also mean Jiang Hao might never meet them again after he returned to his sect. He couldn’t venture out of the sect for a few years, or even a decade.
By then, they might pass away.
Suddenly, Hong Yuye’s voice sounded in his ear.
“When you discover something as an undercover agent, you better be prepared to venture out.”
Jiang Hao was a little surprised. He nodded.
“If you slack off, there will be consequences.” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao coldly.
“I understand,” Jiang Hao said.
“Let’s go.” Hong Yuye took a step forward. One step covered several miles in an instant.
Jiang Hao turned back and glanced at the city that was about to disappear from his sight. He brushed his thoughts away.
‘Let’s go back…’
In Heavenly Earth City, Chu Chuan practiced his cultivation in the backyard.
His talent was average, so he needed to spend more time cultivating. It had been over two months, and he still hadn’t made any significant progress.
During that time, he had learned some new things, such as the hundred-day allowance.
As long as one had a talent, they could join a sect after a hundred days of
cultivation because that was time enough to establish one’s foundation.
However, it had been two months already, and he was still trying to gather spiritual energy into his body. It seemed that it would take a long time for him to be able to circulate the spiritual energy for cultivation.
Eve Chen Quan shook his head in defeat.
Chu Chuan was worried. What if the Heavenly Note Sect didn’t accept him?
He had heard that the Heavenly Note Sect was one of the most powerful sects nearby. It was also a demonic sect.
He had heard it from Senior Chen Quan. He was afraid, but he didn’t show it.
Chu Chuan had even prepared a fake name in case of emergencies. He didn’t know whether they knew his real name or not. He didnt care anymore.
“You’re still cultivating, young friend?” Chen Quan walked in.
“Senior Chen,” Chu Chuan greeted him respectfully.
“Hasn’t Senior Jiang returned yet?” Chen Quan asked curiously.
Chu Chuan shook his head. Many people had asked him the same question. He understood why they were asking him that, but he didn’t dare think about it. He didn’t want to entertain the notion that Jiang Hao might have abandoned him.
If that were true, he would need to find a way to survive. That was one of the reasons why he had created a fake name for himself.
“Senior Jiang must have been delayed by something,” Chen Quan said with a reassuring smile.
Even if Jiang Hao took a year to return, he would have to take care of the boy.
Heaven forbid if Jiang Hao arrived late and didn’t see the boy where he left him…
Chen Quan shuddered just thinking about it.
Chu Chuan was about to reply, but suddenly felt dizzy and collapsed.
Chen Quan was alarmed and was about to help the boy when Jiang Hao descended from the sky. He lifted Chu Chuan in his arms and flew away.
“Thank you, Senior Chen, for taking care of him. The spirit herbs in the backyard are a gift for you.”
Before Chen Quan could respond, Jiang Hao flew out of sight.
Jiang Hao returned to the Heavenly Note Sect. Hong Yuye had accompanied him till the sect and then vanished without a trace.
Looking at the familiar sect, Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. After more than two months, he was finally back.
There were still a few more days left.
Chu Chuan woke up. When he saw Jiang Hao, he was startled. “Who are you?!”
Jiang Hao was puzzled for a while, but he realized what had happened. Hong Yuye’s power was gone.
Jiang Hao didn’t answer his question. “I’ll guide you into the sect. This will be your home. Don’t tell anyone about how you entered the sect. Just tell them that I brought you here. Don’t tell anyone about the Bright Moon Sect and your connection to them.”
Although there shouldn’t be any issues with it, it was still better to keep a low profile. The risk was worth taking. A favor owed by the Bright Moon Sect would definitely come in handy in the future.
Moreover, no one outside had seen his true appearance, so he could avoid being recognized.
“You’re Senior Jiang?” Chu Chuan found it hard to believe.
‘How did I end up here? I was in the backyard…’
“My name is Jiang Hao. You can call me Senior Brother Jiang,” said Jiang Hao. “Now, follow me. I’ll take you in. Remember, observe your surroundings more and speak less. It might just keep you alive for longer.”
Jiang Hao took the boy to the Law Enforcement Hall. He went there to report the fulfillment of his mission.
“Jumor Brotner Jlang, Isn’t tms a mg deviation”‘ Tne person on tne counter looked at Jiang Hao helplessly. “The person we wanted was a little girl named Chu Jie and you brought back..’
“I couldn’t get Chu Jie, but he grew up with her. They are related, more or less…” “Junior Brother Jiang, this is a failed mission,” said the person at the counter.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly.
“When do you plan to pay the spirit stones as a fine for failure?”
Jiang Hao didn’t say much and handed over one thousand spirit stones. “I can pay back the rest in about three months.”
“Alright,” said the senior sister at the counter. “Here. You can keep this receipt.”
“Senior Sister, do you want me to arrange something for this junior?” Jiang Hao asked.
Although Chu Chuan didn’t understand what was going on, he Imew it was best to be quiet.
“I’m sure you can figure something out, Junior Brother Jiang.”
Jiang Hao nodded. “Thank you.”
Jiang Hao left the Law Enforcement Hall along with Chu Chuan and headed to the Cliff of Broken hearts. He asked someone to obtain the necessary materials for the new disciple.
He then went to find his master. He informed his master of his return and also of the situation regarding Chu Chuan.
If his master punished him by assigning him to the mines, that would just be a bonus.
However, his master only nodded briskly and didn’t say anything more.
Jiang Hao was accustomed to his master’s silence.
Jiang Hao turned to Chu Chuan and told him that if he needed help, he could find him at the Spirit Herb Garden. After that, Jiang Hao returned to his house..