Chapter 157: The Demoness Gave Me A Lost Pill
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao sighed when he reached his courtyard. He hadn’t been back for three months, but this place was still the same as he left it.
There were no problems with the surrounding array formations.
After walking in, he saw the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It had also grown taller.
The fragrance filled the courtyard, and the spiritual energy became denser. The lotus flowers were also growing well.
“It seems that the spirit beast hasn’t slacked off in my absence.” Jiang Hao chuckled.
He walked to the Immortal Peach Tree. That tree had changed a lot. It had fruits now!
He plucked a peach and bit into it. It was juicy and delicious. However, they were just ordinary peaches.
Jiang Hao activated Daily Appraisal on the tree.
[Immortality Peach Tree: It is related to the ancient divine tree, the Immortality Peach Tree. It has a trace of the divine tree’s trait, and the fruit is sweet and fragrant. If a fruit is on the tree and 4,900 spirit stones are used to set up a spirit-gathering array around it, it could activate a trace of the divine tree’s characteristics and activate an incarnation. After nine incarnations, it will become a divine tree. Staying with a divine item would make it easier for one to succeed in cultivation.]
Jianz Hao was a little surprised. He needed 4,900 spirit stones and had to leave a fruit behind to achieve the first incarnation of the tree. If there were no fruits on the tree, would he have to wait till next year?
He didn’t want to wait another year, so he decided to save 4,900 spirit stones as soon as possible.
“I thought I was rich, but it seems half my spirit stones will go to the spirit beast and the other half to the tree!”
Fortunately, he was not in a hurry to hand over the compensation to the Law Enforcement Hall.
It wasn’t that he didn’t have enough spirit stones, but he was worried that handing them all at once might attract unwanted attention.
Handing the fine little by little was safer. If others found out about it, they would only gloat.
Jiang Hao walked to a corner of the courtyard while eating the peach. He took out the cracked Half-Moon Blade and stuck it into the soil.
He hoped the demoness wouldn’t steal this one like his other blades.
After that, he went into his house. There was nothing out of place.
Jiang Hao walked to his balcony and looked at the river near his house.
‘What bubbles will Immortality Peach Tree spawn? Gold or purple? If it was similar to the spirit beast’s bloodline, it might be gold.’
The tree was ordinary enough right now. It was best if it spawned a gold bubble. However, he would be happy with a purple bubble if gold wasn’t an option.
He had experienced the benefits of having many divine abilities. It always came in handy.
“I’ll try again after a while.”
Jiang Hao decided to go to the library before anyone found out he was back. He wanted to find out what kind of medicinal pill Hong Yuye had given him.
If possible, he wanted to save up and buy one.
Jiang Hao spent a long time in the library that day. In the evening, he found something in one of the records.
“The Snow God Pill can nourish and repair divine abilities. There is also a chance to activate another divine ability with its help.”
There was only one sentence about it. He asked the white-haired librarian if he had any other records with information on such a pill.
The librarian wasn’t a very forthcoming person, but a few spirit stones would always do the trick.
Jiang Hao handed over three spirit stones. The old man accepted them and looked at him.
“Well, ask away.”
“I want to know more about the Snow God Pill. Is this pill very rare?” Jiang Hao asked.
“You want to use this to activate your divine ability?” The old man looked at Jiang Hao and laughed. “There are many people like you in this world. They try to dream about the impossible.”
“Is the pill ineffective?” Jiang Hao asked. He was worried that the one he took before might have an adverse reaction and damage his abilities.
“It’s effective,” said the old man. “The Snow God Pill can help people who don’t have the talent to open their divine abilities. At least that was what people believed. There are no such pills.”
Jiang Hao was surprised.
The old man sighed. “The pills have been lost for centuries. Only a few immortal sects have it. Maybe just one or two of those exist in the world right now.”
Jiang Hao thanked him and left the library. He couldn’t help but sigh. Hong Yuye was indeed extraordinary.
Jiang Hao overheard a conversation as he passed by a group of people.
“Those people have been asking me for spirit stones again. It’s so annoying. Why should I pay back? A mere early-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator dared to ask me for spirit stones!”
“Without us refining and creating the pills, they would have none. How dare they make us pay?”
“That’s right. I don’t think they have the right to provoke us. We’re alchemists, for heaven’s sake!”
“We wasted precious cultivation time to make them pills. What did we get in exchange?”
Jiang Hao heard a man and a woman arguing.
Cheng Chou had told him before that the people from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion owed him spirit stones.
‘Ah… he told me about it. I did say I would help him after returning. This is troublesome…
It was common for alchemists to buy spirit herbs and pay them back later. Alchemists weren’t someone to mess with, but they were rich.
Jiang Hao headed to the market to buy some talisman-making materials. It was expensive to raise a spirit beast, and now he had to worry about the Immortal Peach Tree too.
In addition, he had to pay two thousand spirit stones to the Law Enforcement Hall. He needed a total of 12,000 spirit stones. He only had ten thousand.
He had to earn spirit stones as soon as possible in the next two months. Otherwise, he wouldn’t even be able to pay off his debt.
“Junior Brother Jiang, haven’t seen you here in so long, ” said a voice as soon as he reached his stall.
“Senior Sister Leng Tian?” Jiang Hao was surprised to see her selling pills here,
Leng Tian was indeed an alchemist.
“Do you still sell talismans, Junior Brother Jiang?” “Of course. What talismans do you need, Senior Sister Leng?” “Do you have any Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans?
“I only have five for now.”
“I want to buy them all.”
Jiang Hao felt a little strange. He was actually selling something to another seller.
When he saw the pills laid out neatly at her stall, Jiang Hao asked her why some of the alchemists weren’t paying back their debt.
“Because they’re poor,” said Leng Tian..