Chapter 159: The Spirit Beast And Dragon
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao tied the rope around a pole in the courtyard as the spirit beast watched curiously. However, it was too early to tie the beast up. Jiang Hao decided to observe the situation for the next few days.
Once he was sure there were no major issues within the sect, he would tie up the spirit beast.
“What did you bring for me, Master?” the spirit beast asked, touching its swollen face.
“You’ll find out in a few days,” Jiang Hao said. He looked at the peaches on the tree. “Did you eat the ripe fruits?”
“It was Xiao Li who ate them.” The spirit beast threw Xiao Li under the bus.
“Did she come here by herself?” asked Jiang Hao.
Xiao Li might be mischievous, but she still had some manners.
“Master, Xiao Li mentioned my name, and the peaches flew to her.”
Jiang Hao couldn’t hold back his laughter. He told the spirit beast to leave some of the fruits on the tree.
Jiang Hao entered his house. Something caught his eye. The place where he had impaled the Half-Moon Blade was empty. His cracked sword was gone.
Jiang Hao sighed.
He then walked to his room and sat on the ground cross-legged.
He was thinking about Hong Yuye’s words. To advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm, he needed to do a bit of research. It was indeed necessary to know as much as possible to prevent any accidents. He needed to visit the library once again.
At the moment, there was still a considerable amount of time before he could advance to the next realm. He had about nine months. There was no rush.
The spirit beast tended to its injuries in front of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Jiang Hao opened the book he had just obtained.
He planned to read it through once before attempting to study it closely.
At midnight, Jiang Hao closed the book with a frown.
He couldn’t understand it at all.
This cultivation technique was difficult and hard to comprehend. He could only roughly understand its essence. It was indeed a body technique, and it was for speed so that he remained undetected by others. However, it required him to merge his own strength and aura with the surroundings and conceal his sharpness to remain calm and composed.
This technique was related to one’s state of mind.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. The technique was the most challenging one tnat ne naa encounterea so rar.
Although the Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade were difficult to learn, he could always use the Clear and Pure Heart ability to learn them easily. However, the Light and Dust technique was complicated. It wasn’t just about spiritual energy but also about mental stability.
If his state of mind hadn’t improved through the recent journey, he couldn’t comprehend this technique at all.
However, it was true that the most difficult techniques often turned out to be the most powerful ones.
‘I will focus on it for the next two days…’
“After reaching the Primordial Spirit Realm, I should be able to learn some techniques from the Hong Meng Heart Sutra. By then, I’ll have other abilities as well.”
Under the moonlight, Jiang Hao saw the spirit beast sleeping next to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It drooled in its sleep.
Jiang Hao got up and observed his wooden house. There was indeed a small bathroom in his house that he used, but it was too small. In the past, he had designed a natural water supply device that constantly pumped water into the bathroom. So, he had never needed a tub.
Jiang Hao also realized that putting a tub in the bathroom would take up a lot of space.
‘Do I need to expand the room?’ he wondered.
Jiang Hao realized that the sky was lightening up. ‘Is it already dawn?’ Jiang Hao cleaned his house for a bit.
Once the sun had risen fully, Jiang Hao walked out of the courtyard with the spirit beast.
“Did anything happen at the Spirit Herb Garden when I wasn’t here?”
“Yes. Something significant did happen,” said the spirit beast. “Somebody has transformed the Spirit Herb Garden completely and the people working there are suffering.”
‘Transformed?’ Jiang Hao immediately thought of Miao Tinglian. She was always nagging at him about how he should be running the garden.
If she really transformed it, then he would have fewer things to do in it. Which would mean fewer bubbles…
He regretted bringing her into the sect.
“Is there anything else?”
“I, the Spirit Beast Lord, have faithfully fulfilled my duty and served my master wholeheartedly. ”
Jiang Hao sighed. “Tell me something useful. What about Xiao Li? Has she caused any trouble?”
“Somebody came to the cafeteria looking for you, Master.”
That surprised Jiang Hao. “What do you mean?”
“They said Xiao Li often takes your name so that she can have extra food.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He remembered that Xiao Li often used the spirit beast as an excuse when she got into trouble. ‘She is using my name too?’
Jiang Hao sighed. Xiao Li was indeed causing trouble. The spirit beast too!
If it continued to unlock its hidden talents, it would become even more powerful. His small courtyard couldn’t contain it anymore.
In a few years, he must find a way to release it.
“I regret bringing her into the sect. I thought all the trouble would be handled by the Cliff Master, but I always get dragged into it,” said Jiang Hao. “In a few years, when she can take care of herself, I’ll tell her to go her own way.”
When he arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao saw Cheng Chou talking to someone. An outer sect disciple at the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
Upon seeing Jiang Hao, the person saluted and then walked away.
‘ Senior Brother Jiang, you’re back!” Cheng Chou exclaimed. He had looked forward to Jiang Hao’s return.
After the Spirit Herb Gardens were taken over by other inner sect disciples, he felt a bit uneasy. He was afraid of being targeted.
These three months had not been good for them because the guards kept changing.
In the beginning, Senior Sister Miao Tinglian had been doing well, but after the renovation of the Spirit Herb Garden, she had gone away to do other things.
The other inner sect disciples didn’t seem to be willing to take care of the garden. If Cheng Chou slacked off, he had to bear the brunt of their anger.
No one dared to say anything.
Jiang Hao noticed that many people in the garden looked unhappy. They were all worried.
If it were only the Golden Core Realm seniors visiting to inspect the garden, there were fewer problems. However, usually, it would be some Foundation Establishment Realm seniors who came to inspect the garden.
They were insufferable.
The spirit beast was right about one thing. These people were suffering.
Jiang Hao sighed. Wasn’t he also struggling on the edge of life and death?
“Is there anything going on in the Spirit Herb Garden?” Jiang Hao asked as he walked through the garden.
The garden had been transformed, and some growing methods had changed. He needed to familiarize himself with them.
There weren’t many bubbles around like he feared. There were a few here and there. That was at least better than nothing.
Starting from tomorrow, he would steadily accumulate bubbles again. It would accelerate his growth.
“The matter is related to the Candlelight Pill Pavilion,” Cheng Chou said. “Some alchemists want to harvest the mature spirit herbs that they entrusted to our care. They want to take them back for free and pay back later.”
“Has this kind of thing happened before?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It has, but it’s worse this year. It seems like they’re intentionally doing this,” Cheng Chou said.
“Why not just withhold the spirit herbs from them?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Well…” Cheng Chou hesitated. “The Candlelight Pill Pavilion is a united place. Offending some of them would mean offending all the people from there. Not many are willing to take a risk like that. If someone does it, all of us will be targeted. We can’t afford to make enemies in the sect.”
Jiang Hao was baffled..