Chapter 160: Dealing With The Alchemists
After listening to Cheng Chou, Jiang Hao could feel how much stress the
Candlelight Pill Pavilion was putting on the Spirit Herb Garden and its workers.
The status of alchemists in the sect was indeed high, especially since they knew how to unite and leverage their advantages. Once targeted, the risk would be much greater.
However, he wanted to know why the Candlelight Pill Pavilion was targeting the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao remained calm. “What if we don’t deliver the spirit herbs?”
“Well, we would still need to sacrifice the space and guard the herbs and take care of them. They won’t force us, but we will incur a loss. They can refuse to pay us because of the delay.”
“How was this issue resolved in the past?” Jiang Hao asked.
“We received inferior pills as debt repayment,” Cheng Chou said. “However, it was difficult to sell a batch of those pills since no one in the sect would buy them. We can only sell them outside the sect.”
Jiang Hao nodded. If the Candlelight Pill pavilion chose to pay in inferior pills instead of spirit stones, it would be a loss for the Spirit Herb Garden. “There was no problem before, so why isn’t it working now?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The amount is a bit high,” Cheng Chou said.
“How much?” Jiang Hao asked.
“3,700 spirit stones.”
Jiang Hao was astonished. It was no wonder the two sides were at a stalemate. There were nearly four thousand spirit stones. Jiang Hao remembered the last time he had paid the fine to the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. It had taken him three months to gather that money.
It would be difficult to earn that amount even after accepting multiple sect missions.
“Why is it that high?” Jiang Hao asked.
A Foundation Establishment Realm alchemist couldn’t afford that amount.
“It’s not just one person, but six,” Cheng Chou said.
“Six?” Jiang Hao calculated. Even if it was divided equally, it would still be over six hundred each. The amount was still considerable.
“What is the value of their spirit herbs?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Fourteen thousand spirit stones,” Cheng Chou said. “These spirit herbs require spirit liquid for growth, and we provide it. That’s why the cost reaches 3,700.”
“I see.” Jiang Hao nodded.
It seemed alchemists were wealthy, but their expenses were high.
“Now it seems that all six of them are running out of spirit stones, and they sent someone today to ask for spirit herbs. Continuing to delay this situation is not beneficial for us,” Cheng Chou said. “That’s why I want your help, Senior Brother Jiang.”
Jiang Hao thought about it. This matter was not his responsibility, but the spirit herbs in the garden benefited him. Cheng Chou probably came to him hoping that he would accept some of the pills since they knew he earned spirit stones by making talismans.
“Is it only our garden suffering through this?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Others also have similar problems. Six out of eleven branches are facing this issue. Actually, everyone wants to refuse them, but no one dares to be the first to stand out.”
Everyone understood this. They were all waiting for one branch to stand up against the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Go gather more information regarding this.”
“I already did that,” Cheng Chou said and took out a list of names. “The situations of the six branches are all mentioned here. Due to the unity of the alchemists and the responsible nature of their orders, we need to find a solution.”
That surprised Jiang Hao. It seemed that people from other places were not easy to harass. Unity did have certain privileges and power.
“What about the other branches?” asked Jiang Hao.
“No one dares to provoke the White Moon Lake or the Law Enforcement Hall. Alchemists wouldn’t dare to do the same to them. If they were investigated because of this matter, the alchemists wouldn’t escape punishment. The Hundred Bones Forest doesn’t rely on the Candlelight Pill Pavilion for anything. So, they don’t get involved with them at all.”
Jiang Hao took the list from Cheng Chou and looked at it. He found that a total of forty people were involved. The total amount to be paid back was twenty-five thousand spiritual stones.
“In a few days, I will visit them. I’ll keep an eye on the spirit herbs for now,” Jiang Hao said.
He wanted to handle this matter peacefully. If the alchemists truly targeted the Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators of the Cliff of Broken Hearts, he would have to start practicing alchemy himself. There was no need for that. It would be too time-consuming, and he couldn’t afford it at the moment.
The pills were of little use to him. His progress didn’t rely on those pills. The only important one was the Snow God Pill, but it wasn’t found anywhere. Perhaps only sects like Clear Sky School or the Bright Moon Sect had one. He could ask Liu Xingchen about it.
He postponed the matter of the debts for a few days because he needed to comprehend the Light and Dust technique in those few days. Maintaining the best state of mind would give him a sense of security.
Jiang Hao asked about Xiao Li.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li is getting greedier. The cafeteria wants to talk to you, Senior Brother Jiang,” said Cheng Chou. “There is no other problem. Junior
Sister Xiao Li always plays with the spirit beast in the garden most of the time. The seniors who taught her have given up on her completely.”
Jiang Hao sighed. “I’ll visit the cafeteria later.”
“Spirit beast, did you pluck Senior Brother Jiang’s peaches today too?” asked a voice.
“What did you say?” the spirit beast said righteously. “I never do that sort of thing. ”
“Really?” Xiao Li ran in and pinched the spirit beast’s cheek. She seemed to want to say something more, but she saw the spirit beast winking at her.
She was confused. However, she saw Jiang Hao walking over to her.
Instinctively, she hid the spirit beast behind her back and stood up. She lowered her head as if she had been caught doing something wrong..