Chapter 161: What Will You Get From Raising a Dragon?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the garden, Xiao Li stood there silently looking at her feet. She looked dejected.
Cheng Chou was surprised. Junior Sister Xiao Li was not afraid of anything, except Jiang Hao. Even when she visited the garden when Miao Tinglian was in charge, she had never looked like this.
Cheng Chou had only seen Xiao Li being mature and well-behaved at her home. She was afraid the two elders were too old. So, she wouldn’t cause trouble. She wouldn’t even eat too much because she felt it might not be enough for them.
Jiang Hao looked at Xiao Li. “Have you eaten?”
Xiao Li nodded.
“I heard you haven’t been serious about your studies and cultivation lately,” said Jiang Hao.
“Yes,” Xiao Li said in a small voice.
“Beast,” Jiang Hao called.
“Master, I’m here.” The spirit beast jumped onto Xiao Li’s shoulders.
“I have a mission for the two of you,” Jiang Hao said calmly. “There is a new disciple in the outer sect. His name is Chu Chuan. You need to check up on him every week.”
“How do we test him?” Xiao Li asked.
“Use your fists,” Jiang Hao said.
“I’m good at that.” Xiao Li was excited.
The spirit beast raised its head smugly. “Finally, Master is going to let people know of my greatness!”
Jiang Hao ignored them and asked Cheng Chou to follow them every week to keep an eye on them.
It was almost the end of the year. Jiang Hao looked at Xiao Li.
“Remember to advance in the next two months. I’ll get Cheng Chou to send you back home in a few months.”
Xiao Li jumped up.
Jiang Hao ignored them and began to tend to the spirit herbs.
Except for the simple pavilion, everything else had changed.
He walked to the area where the Hundred Bones Forest had planted their spirit herbs and observed it carefully. He realized that his aura was a little chaotic.
The spiritual energy was entangled and unable to be released normally.
‘It seems that Senior Sister Miao knows about the Spirit Sealing Technique. Is she trying to help me?’ wondered Jiang Hao.
Miao Tinglian had always treated him well. She was grateful to him because he had helped her reunite with Mu Qi.
The small gestures were enough to repay the favor he had done for her by bringing her into the sect. She didn’t need to go out of her way. Jiang Hao was aware of this. He had been in the demonic sect for too long, and he knew that expecting others to repay favors never went well.
At noon, Jiang Hao headed to the outer sect cafeteria. He wanted to know why the staff wanted to see him. Xiao Li followed along.
When they entered the cafeteria, he heard people whispering. “She’s here! Eat fast!”
“Put it in your bowl. Junior Sister Xiao Li doesn’t snatch the food away from the bowl.”
Jiang Hao watched them. He realized that they were busy trying to protect their food. It was as though they faced a great enemy, and they needed to protect their belongings as best as possible.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li, we paid for this! You can’t steal these from us!” Jiang Hao sighed and used the Daily Appraisal on Xiao Li.
[Xiao Li: The dragon was severely injured by the Heavenly Thunder. She lost her memories and her strength. She is now an outer sect disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect. She is still growing as a dragon, so she needs to eat more than before.]
The food that was given to outer sect disciples was not enough for a dragon.
Jiang Hao felt helpless. Dragons were not easy to raise.
“Senior brother Jiang,” said a young man. He was Feng Yang, an inner sect disciple of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. He was in charge of the cafeteria.
Xiao Li had bothered them a lot. However, she always took the spirit beast’s name while visiting the cafeteria. So, they all assumed that she was a disciple that Jiang Hao valued. Nobody wanted to offend an inner sect disciple, so they let her do as she pleased.
The management had intended to visit Jiang Hao regarding the matter, but he hadn’t been inside the sect. They were planning to visit him in a few days. They didn’t expect Jiang Hao to come directly to the cafeteria.
“Junior Brother Feng,” Jiang Hao said politely. “I heard that Junior Sister Xiao Li has troubled you a lot. I apologize for her behavior.”
“Senior Brother Jiang, you’re too polite,” said Feng Yang with difficulty. “It’s just that… people have been complaining a lot lately…”
There were not many people from the Cliff of Broken Hearts who were put in charge of different departments. Usually, only the formidable disciples got that chance, and they were always overseen by the Cliff Master himself.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li is still growing, so her appetite is a little big,” said Jiang Hao. “Can you prepare food imbued with abundant lifeblood for her? I’ll forbid her from snatching away food from other people.”
“Food with sufficient Lifeblood essence?” Feng Yang frowned. Such food would be too expensive. It would increase their expenses a lot and might incur a loss.
“You don’t have to worry about the money.” Jiang Hao handed him thirty spirit stones. “I’ll pay for her once a month. Please use these spirit stones to prepare nutritious food for her. If spirit stones are left after the expenses, you can keep them.”
“Thirty spirit stones?!” Feng Yang looked at Jiang Hao in disbelief.
He only received twenty spirit stones per month as someone in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. However, this senior was willing to spend so much to feed his junior!
It was unbelievable. He couldn’t refuse.
The matter was resolved. Xiao Li would be given better and more filling food.
Jiang Hao forbade her from snatching food from other people in the cafeteria.
If she acted rashly, she might attract trouble.
Fortunately, the people in the cafeteria were easy to talk to.
Jiang Hao sighed as he left the cafeteria. He was already raising a spirit beast, an Immortal Peach Tree, and now a dragon. All these things cost a lot of spirit stones.
At least the peach tree had the chance of turning into an Immortal Peach Tree after nine incarnations. He could obtain nine bubbles from it. The spirit beast just caused trouble, but even it could be released after its bloodline was completely awoken. As for Xiao Li, he didn’t see any benefits of raising a dragon.
He could only try his best to help her. Otherwise, she might cause too much trouble.
“Do you get that hungry?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Eating more will help you grow taller,” said Xiao Li. “My parents wanted to see me grow tall.”
Jiang Hao was at a loss for words. He didn’t say anything more. Her two adoptive parents didn’t have long to live.
He asked Cheng Chou to take Xiao Li and the spirit beast to meet Cheng Chou.
When he returned to the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw an outer sect disciple causing a commotion.
“Those spirit herbs were prepared by a senior