Chapter 162: Master’s Secret Pleasure
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao looked at the person causing the commotion. The Hundred Bones Forest at least sent an inner sect disciple even when they were there to cause trouble.
How much did the Candlelight Pill Pavilion look down on them?
Jiang Hao walked over to the person. The outer sect disciple lowered his head in fear.
“If they are in a hurry, let them come here themselves,” said Jiang Hao.
“Yes. Understood,” said the outer sect disciple.
“Yes, yes.” The outer sect disciples did not dare to be impudent.
“You can go back now.”
Jiang Hao didn’t make things difficult for him. An outer sect disciple was only following orders, after all.
Jiang Hao knew that the alchemists would visit soon. He wanted to see what they planned.
After that, he tended the spirit herbs in the garden for a while. He had thought that spies and traitors would be here to see what he had been up to. However, no one visited him.
In the evening, Jiang Hao returned to his house and extended the bathroom. Only then did he take out the Light and Dust book and began to read it.
The next day, he found some bubbles in his courtyard.
[Cultivation +1] [Lifeblood +1]
[Strength +1]
After that, he went to the Spirit Herb Garden and found more bubbles.
[Spirit +1]
[Cultivation +1] [Spirit Sword +1]
[Endurance +1]
Seven days passed in a flash.
Jiang Hao woke up from his meditation. He slowly closed the book. The first ray of sunlight fell on him.
“Beast,” he called.
“Yes, Master?” The spirit beast noticed that Jiang Hao had disappeared from the chair he was sitting in.
The spirit beast rubbed its eyes. He was sure that his master had been there just moments ago. It looked around.
“Master, where did you go?”
“I’m here.” Jiang Hao appeared beside the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao was satisfied. The Light and Dust technique was more powerful than he had expected. It was so efficient for sneak attacks.
Jiang Hao sighed with emotion. He had thought that he would need more time to comprehend it.
Today, he would visit the alchemists and solve this matter once and for all.
“A week has passed. Make sure you test the new disciple,” said Jiang Hao as he watered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. “Also, pick some ripe peaches for
Xiao Li.”
The spirit beast picked them up quickly.
When they arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao instructed Cheng Chou to take the spirit beast and Xiao Li along to check on Chu Chuan.
Jiang Hao decided to pay a visit to the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
In these seven days, some outer sect disciples had visited the Spirit Herb Garden to pester the workers there, but none of the alchemists had come themselves.
“Beast, do you want to fight first or should I?” asked Xiao Li along the way.
“Of course, you should do it. If you can’t defeat him, then I’ll step in. I’m your big brother, after all.”
The spirit beast crouched on Xiao Li’s shoulder. “You can fight him however you want. No one is your match.”
“In that case, I won’t hold back.”
Cheng Chou followed behind them, afraid that Xiao Li might accidentally kill someone.
No one under the Foundation Establishment Realm could match Xiao Li. Only some disciples in their Foundation Establishment Realm had some leverage over her. The spirit beast was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, so its strength was extraordinary.
After a short while, they found Chu Chuan, who was practicing his cultivation.
“Junior Brother Chu, do you remember me?” Cheng Chou asked him gently.
Chu Chuan was dressed in the sect’s attire. His dark skin glowed in the sunlight. He looked far better than he was when he arrived in the sect for the first time.
He had already reached the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm in the past two days. The Heavenly Note Sect was indeed extraordinary. The spiritual energy was so dense here that it helped him with his cultivation.
When he saw Cheng Chou approach him, he bowed respectfully. “Greetings,
Senior Brother Cheng. Of course, I remember you.”
He knew that Cheng Chou was in the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. He didn’t dare disrespect him in anyway.
“Today, we’re here to test your progress. Your opponent is Junior Sister Xiao Li,” Cheng Chou said with a smile. “Junior Sister Xiao Li is also at the first stage of Lifeblood Refinement Realm, but her strength is extraordinary. So, be careful.”
“Understood.” Chu Chuan was excited to be tested.
After reaching the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, he had felt a little confident in himself. He wanted to test himself too. He looked at Xiao Li. Since she was a girl, he decided to go easy on her.
“Should we begin?” Xiao Li asked.
“Yes.” Chu Chuan nodded.
He was observing his opponent to test her strength. He was still thinking about how to make his move when…
Boom!
Chu Chuan felt his head go blank, then he grimaced in pain. With a loud thud, he landed on the ground face-first.
‘This is the first stage of Lifeblood Refinement Realm?!’
Chu Chuan struggled for a while and then managed to get up with difficulty. He had a cut lip and a scraped cheek.
He looked at Xiao Li in disbelief. His confidence was shattered. However, he was unwilling to give up.
Chu Chuan knew that he wasn’t very strong, but he refused to believe he was this weak.
“Xiao Li, you struck him too hard. How can you test someone’s progress if you knock them down with one punch?” said the spirit beast. “You have to at least strike them three times to see how strong they are.” “Oh…” Xiao Li walked up to Chu Chuan, raising her fist.
Chu Chuan was speechless.
Boom!
Chu Chuan felt like everything was spinning around him. Just as he was about to lose consciousness, he heard the voice of the spirit beast again.
“It seems that I won’t have a chance to step in after all. Maybe if I become a great demon, I’ll get to fight someone.”
“Senior Brother Jiang said he doesn’t want to raise great demons,” Cheng Chou said.
“My master is contradictory in his words and thoughts. Despite what he says, he secretly enjoys it,” the spirit beast shamelessly declared. “Everyone knows that from now on, I will protect my master.”
“Let’s send Junior Brother Chu for some treatment first. When you test him next week, be a little gentle. At least give him a chance to showcase what he has learned so far.”
Chu Chuan felt embarrassed. He wanted to become stronger.
Jiang Hao looked at the list as he walked to the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. The first person on the list was Ying Jie, with a cultivation at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He was planning to advance to the Golden Core Realm soon.
To be a Golden Core Pill Alchemist, it wasn’t necessary to be in the Golden Core Realm. It only meant that the alchemist should be able to refine Golden Core Pills.
Even if an alchemist was at the Golden Core Realm but couldn’t refine pills properly, then they would still be considered a Foundation Establishment Alchemist.
According to Senior Sister Shi Jie, most people wanted to become a Golden Pill Alchemist first before advancing to the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao heard voices when he reached their courtyard.
“Some people can’t take it anymore. It seems they will surrender tomorrow.
Senior Brother Ying is almost a Golden Core Pill Alchemist. They’re scared of him. ‘
“I told you. What do we need to pay them spirit stones? Just give them the inferior pills we have on hand and let them figure out how to sell them.”
“I heard that the people from the Cliff of Broken Heart are still stubborn.
Should we give them a taste of our power?”
“I heard some people whispering behind our backs, wondering why we didn’t just rob them. Robbing them isn’t a good idea..”