Chapter 163: Robbery
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao glanced at the people.
There were a total of seven individuals, but it wasn’t certain if all six of them were the ones who owed money to the Spirit Herb Garden.
After listening for a while, Jiang Hao was able to confirm that five of them were the people he was looking for.
He then left the place. In the beginning, he had planned to visit each person one by one and observe them. Now, it seemed unnecessary.
Afterward, he followed the second list and found another group of people.
Once he confirmed that they were the ones he was looking for, he proceeded to find a third group of people on the list.
“I have spirit stones, but I only produce low-quality pills. So, I’m going to offer those. Hahaha…
“Do you think they will cooperate with us next time?”
“What’s there to fear? We’ll just find another group next time. There are always some idiots in the sect.”
Jiang Hao tried to remember their faces and moved on to the next location.
When almost all the people on the list had been identified, Jiang Hao headed to the various Spirit Herb Gardens in the sect.
Fortunately, there was no one from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion in the gardens. He didn’t want to get involved with them again. It was too dangerous.
The Pavilion Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion might target him.
Once he determined their locations, Jiang Hao returned to the Spirit Herb Garden.
Jiang Hao was tending to the spirit herbs when Cheng Chou arrived and informed him about the day’s incident with Chu Chuan.
It made sense that Chu Chuan was weaker than Xiao Li. He didn’t interfere. Jiang Hao planned to continue testing him.
With Chu Chuan’s talent, Jiang Hao had faith that he would gradually become stronger. Only then would he be able to surpass Chu Jie.
Three months had passed since coming back to the sect. Chu Jie might be well on her way to the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
She had talent, cultivation techniques, resources, and a renowned teacher to teach her. She would be able to attain the Foundation Establishment Realm in the next six or seven years.
As for Chu Chuan, it was almost impossible for him to attain it. Everything depended on how far he could push himself.
Jiang Hao returned to his house. The spirit beast wasn’t there. He had asked the spirit beast to take some spirit stones and pills to Chu Chuan.
These were the ones given by the Bright Moon Sect. Every time Chu Chuan advanced, Jiang Hao would return a portion to him.
The sky was dark. Jiang Hao stood up and disappeared from the spot.
In the courtyard of the Candlelight Pill Pavilion, eight people sat at a table discussing alchemy.
“It seems that they are starting to loosen up. We need to prepare some low-quality pills,” said a young man.
“It’s all thanks to Senior Brother’s methods that we don’t have to go there ourselves. The problem can be solved soon,” said a woman with a smile.
The others were about to agree when they were startled by a sound. A blood-stained dagger pierced through the back of the woman. It surprised everyone.
As for the woman, she never imagined that she would be stabbed from behind.
The others instinctively activated their protective treasures.
However, spirit swords emerged from behind them and pierced through them.
Blood splattered everywhere.
“Please don’t kill me,” someone begged.
A calm voice spoke.
“I have come to collect the money you owe.”
The crowd was filled with fear. They never expected that the people from the Spirit Herb Gardens would dare to take such an extreme measure.
Killing a disciple within the sect was equal to seeking death. No one dared to be this reckless.
“Senior, I don’t owe anyone any money. I swear!”
Given a chance, he would never associate himself with these people again.
Boom!
In an instant, a powerful force suppressed them. They all fainted.
Jiang Hao looked at these people. He retrieved his spirit swords. He took their storage treasures and turned to leave.
He didn’t kill them. He had made sure to avoid their vital points. Killing forty alchemists would have grave consequences.
He targeted everyone who owed money to various Spirit Herb Gardens. This way, no one would be able to pinpoint which Spirit Herb Garden had taken action against the alchemists.
For a while, Jiang Hao wandered through the courtyard. He moved quickly through them. He wanted to avoid being seen.
However, after two such attacks, the alchemist sounded the alarm and began to fight back.
Jiang Hao sighed. He had no choice but to retreat.
On his way back, he passed through various Spirit Herb Gardens. He left behind some spirit stones with a note.
The problem was solved, and no one noticed him.
Upon returning, he transferred all the stolen spirit stones into his own storage treasure and dumped all the pills and spirit herbs into the beast’s storage treasure.
He destroyed the stolen storage treasures.
Jiang Hao sat in his room, feeling worried. The commotion he had caused this time was big.
‘I shouldn’t underestimate the Candlelight Pill Pavilion,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘I wonder what will happen if the Law Enforcement Hall gets involved.’
He would have to wait until tomorrow to meet Liu Xingchen and find out.
Jiang Hao checked the spirit stones. He had a total of 8,700 spirit stones for now.
“I lost over a thousand.”
However, he still had pills, spirit herbs, talismans, and other treasures. He needed to figure out a way to sell them without appearing suspicious.
The next day, Liu Xingchen didn’t come to meet him.
The Spirit Herb Garden received the spirit stones and finally resolved the issue. The gardens sent the spirit herbs back to the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. They didn’t want to keep them longer than necessary.
All six branches received the spirit stones, so no one knew which branch was responsible for solving the matter.
Even if the alchemists were united, they wouldn’t dare target people from all six branches at the same time. That would be suicidal.
On the third day, Jiang Hao finally saw Liu Xingchen. His aura had changed again.
In the past, there was a faint shadow of a dragon, but this time it was something else. It was an impenetrable black aura. ‘What has possessed him this time?’
Jiang Hao looked at him. He didn’t rush to find out.
“It’s been a long time, Junior Brother Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen in greeting.
“It has indeed been a long time,” Jiang Hao replied politely.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you seem to have become even more calm and strong,” said Liu Xingchen. “Anyway, the people of the Candlelight Pill Pavilion have been attacked. Over fifty of them are injured. Did you hear anything about that?”
“I heard about it, but I don’t know the complete story.”
He was just a bit puzzled. He had only injured about thirty people. ‘Who attacked the other twenty?’
“These alchemists brought it upon themselves. They weren’t willing to pay the money they owed to the Spirit Herb Gardens of the six branches. In the end, they were surrounded and attacked by two people. They were severely injured and were robbed. Even the spirit herbs were plundered,” said Liu Xingchen with a smile.
He looked amused.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. It seemed there was someone else who had taken action too. It was no wonder the news had spread this fast. The other person must have been too crude and noticeable in their ways.
They had even stolen the spirit herbs! The person was indeed bold.
“I investigated the matter. It seems there were four people involved in the attacks,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao was stunned..