Chapter 164: Possessed Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘Four?’
This was something Jiang Hao hadn’t expected. He wondered if the alchemists owed money to others as well.
It seemed the people had only wanted to attack. Jiang Hao, on the contrary, wanted to solve the problem at hand.
The others had taken action as well but had stolen for themselves.
The alchemists’ numbers would only increase with each recruitment. It wouldn’t make a shred of difference whether thirsty or fifty were attacked!
“Four people targeted the alchemists at the same time?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Maybe not at the same time…” Liu Xingchen looked around. “Shall we talk inside?”
“Of course,” said Jiang Hao and led him into the courtyard.
Liu Xingchen looked around. “Junior Brother Jiang, you have so many flowers and herbs now.”
Jiang Hao smiled.
“It seems that the four people who attacked the alchemists don’t know each other,” said Liu Xingchen as he sat on a chair. “The first two who attacked seemed to be efficient and decisive. They injured around thirty-eight people. The other two… were a bit sloppy. They injured around nineteen people. They must be in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm or the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. The first two attackers might be beyond that level.”
“Tell me about the latter two attackers,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
“They robbed the spirit herbs. These two attackers were bold enough to grab them and run. They must be fairly strong.”
“Did you find out who they are?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Two were caught,” Liu Xingchen said with a smile. “But the other two remain at large. The ones we caught are from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. So, the Law Enforcement Hall didn’t interfere and let themselves solve it internally. Such things happen. People have grudges. It’s just that this caused quite a stir.”
‘Alchemists robbing other alchemists…’ Jiang Hao was surprised that they turned against each other.
Sometimes it happened, but rarely. There was once an inner sect disciple who hadn’t reached the Foundation Establishment Realm. Jiang Hao had helped him once. He wondered if that person was still alive. It was unlikely.
“If they can’t catch the attackers, will they just let the matter go?” asked Jiang
Hao.
“I think so.” Liu Xingchen sighed.
“The Law Enforcement Hall won’t get involved in simple matters of fights and injuries. However, this time, many alchemists were injured, so the Law Enforcement Hall had to investigate. However, we didn’t expect the remaining attackers to be so difficult to find.”
“Isn’t it dangerous for the alchemists to be robbed like this?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The first incident wasn’t a big deal. The alchemists asked for it. No one wanted to dig deeper after that because it might raise conflict between the six branches of the sect and the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. The Law Enforcement Hall wants to avoid that. Besides, it’s normal for there to be a little friction between the branches. However, if there is a full-blown conflict and the Law Enforcement Hall can’t handle it, then the White Moon Lake will step in.” “The White Moon Lake?” asked Jiang Hao, puzzled. “What will they do?”
“Junior Brother Jiang, do you know that the establishment of the sect’s twelve branches was a gradual process? There was a branch that secretly instigated conflicts among the other branches, eventually, it led to conflicts. At that time, the Law Enforcement Hall neglected its duty and failed to discover the problem. The situation got out of control. Elder Baizhi led her branch and other elders to intervene,” said Liu Xingchen.
Liu Xingchen looked at Jiang Hao. “The branch that incited the conflict was completely wiped out, and a new branch was established in its place. As for the other branches, they either surrendered or were exterminated. Now the sect has become much more orderly. In the past, when conflicts arose, it was a bloodbath.”
Jiang Hao was astonished. An entire branch was eliminated!
He was curious if the Candlelight Pill Pavilion would face the same fate if they continued to cause trouble, or if they would be pardoned because alchemists were valuable to the sect.
“As for the danger to alchemists… Alchemists are crucial for the growth of a sect. However, if someone hinders their growth, the accusations would be serious,” said Liu Xingchen.
“I see.” Jiang Hao was relieved.
“By the way, there’s something I need to tell you. A person from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion is about to advance, but they don’t have a vessel. So, he has been…
restraining himself. During this time, please avoid appearing in front of him. Otherwise, it might be dangerous for you. ”
Jiang Hao nodded gratefully.
“Currently, the Law Enforcement Hall has issued a mission to search for a vessel everywhere. If they find it, there won’t be a problem. Still… I think they will hold some resentment toward you,” said Liu Xingchen.
“What if they don’t find it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s hard to say,” Liu Xingchen said. “Your master’s opinion will be crucial if that happens. Let’s see if he is willing to protect you.”
“Oh… there’s one more thing,” Liu Xingchen continued. “There has been some trouble in the Devil’s Den due to changes in the mining area lately. Occasionally, disciples from each branch are sent in. Be prepared. There aren’t many idle disciples in the Cliff of Broken Hearts.”
“What kind of problems?” Jiang Hao asked in surprise.
“It’s hard to say, but there have been a lot of demons appearing. They span various realms…
Jiang Hao wasn’t particularly worried. Instead, he was somewhat intrigued. Killing demons also had its benefits. It was an opportunity to become stronger. However, he needed to be careful of individuals targeting him, as well as some potential traitors keeping an eye on him. Since disciples from all twelve branches were sent to the Devil’s Den, it meant that he might encounter anyone from any branch.
Jiang Hao activated Daily Appraisal on Liu Xingchen.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon. He was entangled with an ancient sorcerer after entering the mining area. He is currently being consumed by the sorcery and will eventually be possessed by the sorcerer. He is an undercover agent of the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. The reason he is on good terms with you is that he wants to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. Quite interested in you.]
Jiang Hao was at a loss for words. As expected, Liu Xingchen was possessed yet again..