Chapter 165: Successful Incarnation
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the past, Jiang Hao would have cared a little. He would have tried to remind his undercover senior about it. But things were different now. Although he couldn’t discern Liu Xingchen’s thoughts, he felt that Liu Xingchen was ignoring the part about sorcery.
Looking at the feedback from his divine ability, Jiang Hao realized that he had never seen such a reckless person before.
However, one thing was certain: Liu Xingchen had an innate dragon aura, making him susceptible to possession. This also indicated that the mining site was indeed different. Mu Qi obtained an ancient inheritance inside, while Liu Xingchen encountered a powerful sorcerer. There should be more treasures inside.
“During the time you were away, the people from the Blackheaven Sect took someone away. They didn’t make any demands this time. This should have no impact on you, Junior Brother Jiang. However, it seems that many people still remember the incident with you,” Liu Xingchen said.
He also reminded him about the debt he owed to the Law Enforcement Hall. Especially after the recent debt crisis, Jiang Hao felt that he would be in trouble if he didn’t pay the spirit stones.
Jiang Hao assured him that he would pay everything on time. Liu Xingchen got up and left.
Jiang Hao accompanied him halfway and then headed toward the Spirit Herb Garden. Along the way, he thought about his current situation.
‘The biggest hidden danger so far is the Heavenly Joy Pavilion. As long as I don’t go there, there shouldn’t be a problem… at least for the next few years. It’s hard to say what will happen after a few years, especially if they don’t find a vessel. The Devil’s Den shouldn’t be a problem. It would be even better if I enter it after I advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm.’
‘And there’s the Hundred Bones Forest. It’s been so long… they must have planned something.’
Hao arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden and began his daily routine of tending to the herbs. Over the next half month, he sold various common spirit herbs, magical treasures, and talismans, earning a profit of 4,300 spirit stones. Deducting the loss of 1,300, he made a net profit of three thousand spirit stones. Now he had thirteen thousand spirit stones on hand.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao stood on his balcony.
‘It’s been a month since I came back, and there doesn’t seem to be any issues for now. I can proceed to the next step.’
He then walked to the courtyard, grabbed the spirit beast, and sealed its cultivation with his power. He then tied it to a tree to prevent it from coming into contact with anything else.
The spirit beast woke up just as Jiang Hao finished tying it up. It didn’t panic. It was familiar with the process. It seemed to have grown so much.
“What are you planning to do, Master?” it asked.
Jiang Hao remained silent. He then untied the beast and carried it to the space in front of the house. He needed to take care of the Immortal Peach Tree, so he couldn’t tie the beast to the tree. It might disrupt the process.
“From now on, you cannot eat anything other than what I give you to prevent you from losing control. You’ll have to stay tied up like this,” Jiang Hao said.
The spirit beast had gained intelligence. Everything had become more troublesome. If the beast ate something else during the process, the spirit stones would go to waste. Jiang Hao would then want to stew it instead.
There could be no room for accidents. Depending on the spirit beast to be self-disciplined was absolutely impossible.
“What should I eat then?” the spirit beast asked.
Jiang Hao took out a hundred spirit stones. “Eat these.”
The spirit beast blinked. “Master, I don’t have a big appetite. We’ll be fine.”
Jiang Hao ignored the spirit beast. “Eat.”
The spirit beast ate the spirit stones quickly in the beginning. After eating fifty of those, it started to feel uncomfortable. After ninety, it looked at Jiang Hao and burped. “Master, I can’t. I’ll die of overeating.”
“It’s almost noon. It’s lunch for you.”
In the end, the spirit beast swallowed all the hundred spirit stones. Only then did Jiang Hao leave the courtyard and head to the Spirit Herb Garden.
A month passed in this manner. The spirit beast had become accustomed to its new lifestyle.
“Master, it’s mealtime!” the spirit beast said.
There were only nineteen days left for the beast to awaken its bloodline further.
Jiang Hao approached the Immortal Peach Tree. The fruits on it had all ripened. He kept a few and picked others to give to Xiao Li. Xiao Li had been quiet for the past few days. She hadn’t caused any trouble.
A few days ago, he gave Xiao Li thirty spirit stones to pay the cafeteria for her food. This shocked Feng Yang. They were really paying every month on time. However, it was nearing the end of the year, and Xiao Li had also advanced to the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
In a few more days, he could send her to her house for a visit. But he had to wait for the process of the spirit beast to be completed.
‘I wonder how long the incarnation process will take.’
Jiang Hao took out spirit stones and began to arrange them into a Spirit Gathering Array. He had already spent a large sum of spirit stones. He had also fully repaid the two thousand owed to the Law Enforcement Hall. The spirit beast had consumed three thousand spirit stones and still needed 1,900 more. The Immortal Peach Tree required 4,900. In total, everything would cost around twelve thousand spirit stones.
Fortunately, because of the last incident with the alchemists, he had earned a considerable amount. After setting up the Spirit Gathering Array, Jiang Hao left the courtyard and went to the Spirit Herb Garden to collect bubbles and tidy up the spirit herbs.
Thanks to Senior Sister Miao, everyone’s workload had reduced significantly.
For the past two months, with Jiang Hao on duty, they had not suffered any further mishaps. At this point, the new recruits understood that they were safe with him in the Spirit Herb Garden. Moreover, they heard that people in other Spirit Herb Gardens often lived in fear of the cultivators. This made them even more reluctant to leave the garden.
Watching these people work, Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh.
At night, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged on the floor of his house and looked at the nameless manual. Not long ago, he had studied the Light and Dust technique. He was only at the first level.
The second level was the Traveling a Thousand Miles technique. It would be a breakthrough when it came to speed, but the specifics would have to wait until he understood it fully.
The third level was the Retreating and Concealing from the World technique. It seemed to be a rare body technique, but it was related to one’s state of mind. This technique would help him conceal himself even in a crowd.
Unfortunately, Jiang Hao couldn’t study it right now.
“Master, it’s shining!”
Jiang Hao looked out and found that the Immortal Peach Tree was indeed glowing. Under the effect of the Spirit Gathering Array, the tree’s power seemed to have been activated. It quickly converged with the last fruit. The leaves began to fall, and the branches started to wither. Even the fruit began to rot.
That went on until the next morning. The once lush tree had turned into a withered mess, leaving only one luminescent fruit core on the ground.
‘It’s a success!’
Jiang Hao picked up the fruit core and appraised it..