Chapter 166: The Demoness, Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Immortality Peach Tree Seed: A seed of the Immortal Peach Tree imbued with spiritual energy. It possesses a trace of the divine tree’s characteristics. After rooting, sprouting, blossoming, and fruiting eight times in succession, it will become the divine Immortal Peach Tree. It will sprout after eight days after watering it every day.]
Jiang Hao didn’t feel like there was anything extraordinary about the seed. However, there was one difference. Previously, it had mentioned nine incarnations. That had come down to eight.
At this moment, the withered wood crumbled and fell, but Jiang Hao didn’t clean up the mess. Instead, he mixed them with the soil as fertilizer. Two blue bubbles appeared after he planted the seed.
[Cultivation +1]
[Lifeblood +1]
Jiang Hao was puzzled. The process gave him only blue bubbles. Last time it was purple.
Eight days later, Jiang Hao arrived at the courtyard and saw the Immortal Peach Tree sprouting. Upon closer inspection, he found that it still grew faster when it was near the divine flower. The seedlings gave him purple bubbles.
[Divine Ability Fragment +1]
He obtained another fragment, but he was still short of two more. Jiang Hao was hoping for a golden one this time because the spirit beast was about to complete the awakening of its bloodline. Two golden ones would unlock a new ability.
Eleven days later, Jiang Hao saw a golden bubble floating beside the spirit beast.
[Golden Legend +1]
After obtaining the golden bubble, the first thing he did was check on the spirit beast. At this moment, the spirit beast was still sleeping.
[Deceptive Spirit Beast: Sufficient intelligence. In the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Has tremendous potential with a dormant beast bloodline. Feed it 100 spirit stones per day, and after 81 days, it can further awaken its hidden bloodline. Feeding it spirit stones daily can increase its favorability towards you. Currently, it feels reverence toward you.]
‘Hm… 8,100 spirit stones more.’
After careful consideration, Jiang Hao decided to follow through with it. This would be the last time.
It had tremendous potential. Who knew how strong the beast could become when its bloodline was awakened fully?
Jiang Hao untied the beast.
“Huh?” The spirit beast woke up. “Master, why did you untie me?”
Jiang Hao glanced at it. “Go find Xiao Li and Cheng Chou. They have a journey to make.”
Ten days later…
“No need to rush back. If you encounter any problems, stick to the usual practice and let Xiao Li take the lead. However, her judgment is rash, so you need to help her. When you go to Xiao Li’s house, take something for her parents,” Jiang Hao said to Cheng Chou.
Finally, he gave ten spirit stones to Cheng Chou, along with some talismans. He also gave him a few healing pills.
Cheng Chou nodded and left the sect with Xiao Li.
Xiao Li told Jiang Hao that she would bring delicious food for him.
Jiang Hao smiled. Food usually didn’t last long in Xiao Li’s hands.
Jiang Hao instructed the spirit beast to remember to check on Chu Chuan and to inform him if the child advanced to the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
A few days later, Jiang Hao realized that he was not very far from advancing to another realm. After collecting the bubbles from the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he glanced at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 23]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Golden Core Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit]
[Lifeblood: 69/100 (Can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 71/100 (Can be cultivated)] [Divine Abilities: 1/3 (Cannot be obtained)]
[Golden Legends: 1/2 (Cannot be obtained)]
Jiang Hao was already twenty-three years old. This was a new year.
‘The weather in January doesn’t feel that cold.’
He looked up at the sky. It wasn’t snowing. He felt a little regretful but shifted his focus back to his cultivation.
Jiang Hao would be able to advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm soon. He also needed to figure out a way to hide his cultivation realm. He needed a new array that could hide it.
He had inquired about the price, and with the cost of materials and labor, it would be around 1,800 spirit stones. It would cost him 2,100 if he bought it ready-made. He genuinely felt that formation masters made a lot of money, unlike him. Talisman-makers didn’t earn that much.
After paying Law Enforcement Hall, raising the spirit beast, and the Immortal Peach Tree, his spirit stones had dwindled to only one thousand.
Fortunately, he was able to sell many talismans in the past two months. He had a total of 2,500 spirit stones left. After deducting 1,800, he would have seven hundred spirit stones remaining.
In the future, he could only earn a little by selling talismans, but it would take a long time to accumulate another ten thousand. However, the things he had gotten from his last journey hadn’t been sold yet.
Not dwelling on it further, Jiang Hao decided to focus on advancing to the Primordial Spirit Realm in another three months.
“Where is your peach tree?”
A sudden voice interrupted Jiang Hao’s thoughts. He turned to see a figure in red standing by the seedling. It was Hong Yuye. She looked confused.
It had been three months since he had last seen her. Fortunately, Jiang Hao had prepared everything that was necessary, except for the tea leaves, which he had forgotten to replenish!
“It underwent an incarnation,” Jiang Hao said.
“Incarnation?” Hong Yuye turned to look at Jiang Hao. “Hm… interesting.”
After a moment of silence, she stood up and walked to Jiang Hao. “I quite like this tree. From today, it’s mine. Is that okay?”
Jiang Hao sighed and lowered his head.. Would it even matter if he refused?