Chapter 167: Am I Not Reckless Enough?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao wasn’t surprised that Hong Yuye had set her eyes on the tree. He had prepared himself mentally because he knew she was going to ask for it.
If the Immortal Peach Tree underwent nine consecutive incarnations, it would truly turn into a divine Immortal Peach Tree. It would take nine years for that to happen.
Maybe he would advance in his cultivation realm during that time so that he might be able to refuse her. That was just wishful thinking. He knew he would never be strong enough. Even the eighth person on the list of top ten disciples was at least in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Now that Hong Yuye claimed the tree as hers, there was nothing he could do.
“When do you plan to take the Immortal Peach Tree away?” Jiang Hao asked. Hong Yuye looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. “Together with that.” Jiang Hao nodded. There was still time.
“Before, you said the fruit was sweet. This time, what do you think it will taste like? Sour or sweet?”
“Sour,” Jiang Hao said.
“When it matures, I will come to find you.” Hong Yuye smiled.
It seemed that she had already seen the answer.
Hong Yuye walked into the bathroom that Jiang Hao had extended. It was quite spacious now. There was a wooden tub in the middle too. The floor was made of smooth wooden boards. There were small windows in the bathroom which were covered by a screen.
Hong Yuye remained silent and then turned away. Jiang Hao had no idea what she was thinking. Presumably, she was satisfied, or else, she would have already slammed him to the wall.
“It seems like you don’t know many spells.” Hong Yuye sat on a chair in the hall.
Jiang Hao served her Snow Queen Spring tea. “I’m still learning, but I’m getting there.”
He had the Hong Meng Heart Sutra, but he had to wait until he advanced to the Primordial Spirit Realm. He knew most of the basic spells, but he hadn’t learned any powerful ones yet.
“If you make a name for yourself, your sect will surely give you many good things, right? Spells, treasures, pills, spirit stones… you won’t lack for anything.” Hong Yuye sipped her tea.
“I’m more accustomed to the way things are now… which makes it convenient for me to help you raise your flower, Senior.”
“In that case, where do you plan to acquire spells, treasures, pills, and spirit stones?” Hong Yuye looked at the tea in her cup.
“The sect will provide it.”
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao and smiled. “What about the spirit stones?”
“I can earn quite a lot,” Jiang Hao said. His income from talisman-making was stable and better than that of an early-stage alchemist.
“Really?” Hong Yuye took a sip of tea and smiled. “Then why is the quality of the tea I always drink this bad? I thought you were poor… but it seems you’re just brushing me off.”
A chilling aura emanated from her. Jiang Hao felt a bone-piercing coldness envelop him.
“Senior, you’ve misunderstood,” Jiang Hao said hurriedly. “I’ve been saving up spirit stones to buy better tea.”
The intense coldness disappeared.
Hong Yuye calmly sipped her tea. “If the tea isn’t good next time, I will invite you to have tea at my place.”
“Senior, please rest assured. I will find good tea for you.” Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief.
As for having tea at her place, he didn’t want to think about the kinds of torture which would be prepared for him.
“Can the stone tablets be used now?” Hong Yuye asked,
Jiang Hao hadn’t paid much attention to that after he came back. He had been busy. “It still can’t be used.”
“Really?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao teasingly. “I’ll give you another chance. Do you want to answer that question differently?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. Changing the answer would imply that he had been lying.
Hong Yuye chuckled. “Although you’re full of lies, you’re quite lucky.”
Jiang Hao felt relieved.
“In the next couple of days, the influence on the stone tablet will disappear, so you’d better let it accept a master.” Hong Yuye put down her teacup.
“Remember, don’t get caught while being an undercover agent.”
“What will happen if I get caught?” Jiang Hao asked curiously. The stone tablet was in his possession, but he was hiding within the Heavenly Note Sect.
Hong Yuye looked at him and smiled. “Why don’t you try it? But I want to remind you… I’ll save you just once, but I’ll want something in return. Maybe a limb… or an eyeball?”
Jiang Hao was speechless.
“I’m very cautious. I’ll make sure not to get caught.” “How old are you this year?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I’m twenty-three,” Jiang Hao answered truthfully.
“When I was as young as you, I often looked up at the sky and felt like I could soar.” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao in confusion. “But you… your way of living doesn’t match your age.”
“Is there something wrong with my behavior?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s not about your behavior,” said Hong Yuye. “You’re missing something.” “What am I missing?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Hong Yuye slowly stood up, took a step towards the door, and then turned back. “The recklessness of youth.”
Before he could respond, she disappeared.
“Do your undercover work well. If you don’t make progress, I’ll make you live as an undercover agent in the sect forever.”
‘Am I not reckless enough?’ Jiang Hao wondered.
He always felt that he was too reckless for his own good. Being more impulsive than this would mean death. But Hong Yuye clearly wasn’t referring to that.
However, he understood her a little. Looking back at his life, it felt like he had lived a long, long time. It was understandable that he avoided being reckless, considering the events that had happened in his life so far.
After finishing the remaining tea, Jiang Hao took out the stone tablet and glanced at it. He noticed that the stone tablet seemed much brighter now.
Hong Yuye had mentioned that she would save him once, but Jiang Hao didn’t want the situation to get to that.
He went to the Spirit Herb Garden. He was told that the Cliff Master was looking for him. That surprised Jiang Hao. His master never asked for him.
“Senior Brother Jiang, there’s a list here that requires your confirmation.” A person from the Spirit Herb Garden approached him. Since it involved the cultivation of herbs with certain difficulties, it required the approval of the person in charge of managing the garden.
“I’ll look at it when I come back,” Jiang Hao said.