Chapter 168: Advancing To The Primordial Spirit Realm
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Junior Brother, it’s been a long time,” said Mu Qi when he saw Jiang Hao in Ku Wu Chang’s house.
“Senior Brother Mu Qi, it has indeed been long, ” said Jiang Hao.
Mu Qi and Miao Tinglian had treated him well. Although they hadn’t interacted much, they were on good terms, especially after Miao Tinglian arrived in the sect.
Jiang Hao was glad and hoped it remained this way. He never expected people to help him. He was good as long as people didn’t kick him when he was down.
“You all are here.” Ku Wu Chang appeared in the courtyard. “I called you here today because of the situation with the Devil’s Den.”
“Devil’s Den?” Mu Qi was surprised. “Didn’t Senior Sister Ning Xuan go there recently?”
“Yes.” Ku Wu Chang nodded. “However, the situation seems to have gotten worse. We need more people to go in there to balance things out.
“However, the situation inside seems to have gotten worse. We still need to add more people to the various branches to balance things out. This time, we are hoping to send someone in Golden Core Realm and Foundation Establishment Realm together. Do you have anything else to do?”
“I’m not busy,” said Mu Qi.
“Me neither,” said Jiang Hao.
The Immortal Peach Tree had sprouted successfully, and the spirit beast had further awakened its bloodline. Jiang Hao had learned the Light and Dust technique too.
Hong Yuye’s request was almost fulfilled. He only needed to stock up on tea and figure out the stones tablets. There was no problem.
However, Jiang Hao hoped he could get three months before venturing into another Devil’s Den.
“We’ll set off in two months. Please make the necessary preparations during this time. When the time comes, you’ll meet with the disciples from other branches and enter the Devil’s Den together. Also, don’t underestimate the Demon Dwellers. You might encounter other creatures too. There have been… other entrances to the den. Be mentally and physically prepared for this,” said Ku Wu Chang solemnly.
“Other entrances?” Mu Qi asked.
Jiang Hao was also very concerned.
“I’m not entirely sure. It might be in the sect or around it,” said Ku Wu Chang. Jiang Hao’s heart sank. This was dangerous. If he hadn’t agreed beforehand, he could have made an excuse and said he had to cultivate to get out of the situation.
“Don’t worry too much. The people from the Law Enforcement Hall and the White Moon Lake will keep an eye on the new entrance. It won’t be easy for others to enter,” Ku Wu Chang said in assurance. “What you need to worry about are the Demon Dwellers inside. Go to the Law Enforcement Hall to accept the mission when you’re ready.”
After that, Ku Wu Chang dismissed them. Jiang Hao and Mu Qi were the only ones left behind.
Jiang Hao didn’t know what Mu Qi wanted to talk about with the master, but he didn’t care. He was worried that he only had two months. He didn’t want to go on this mission without advancing further in his cultivation realm.
There was also a possibility that there were other entrances to the Devil’s Den. People from other sects could sneak into the Devil’s Den. If that happened, he would be in danger.
‘It’s safer to advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm in these two months before heading to the Devil’s Den.’
The only way to get more bubbles to get close to advancing faster was to find more herbs to plant in his courtyard.
However, where could he earn more spirit stones to buy more of those?
Even if he sold the remaining Red Azure tea, it wouldn’t fetch him much.
When he returned to the Spirit Herb Garden, an outer sect disciple handed him an order. “Senior Brother Jiang, the planting requirements for this herb are complicated, so I have to show it to you.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He looked at the new order and frowned. It was an order for planting some Black Lotus seeds.
‘An order from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion?’ Jiang Hao was surprised. He looked at the requirements. He was only asked to help till they sprouted.
It would take about two weeks for them to sprout into seedlings. Then, they could be transplanted.
“Is this credible?” Jiang Hao asked.
“As long as you agree, they will pay enough spirit stones for it. However, they hope to carry out the transplantation within two months.”
“Have you checked the seeds?”
“There’s no problem with them. They even paid a fixed price. However, they won’t pay for spirit liquid.”
“In other words, under normal conditions, the seeds will sprout in two months, and they want to take them away after that.”
“Yes.”
“How many seeds are there?”
“Fifty.”
‘So many?’ Jiang Hao was a little surprised. When he had bought one Black Lotus seed, it had cost him three hundred spirit stones. Fifty seeds must cost around fifteen thousand spirit stones.
Jiang Hao wondered if the seeds could germinate in a month without spirit liquid. Even if the Spirit Herb Garden was in great condition, it seemed highly unlikely for the seeds to sprout without spirit liquid during that time. Jiang Hao was silent for a moment. “Leave the seeds with me.”
Jiang Hao accepted fifty Black Lotus seeds from the outer sect disciple. There was no problem with the seeds at a glance.
Jiang Hao found a fertile area in the garden and planted the seeds. It was not easy for this lotus to germinate. Even with spirit liquid, it took seven whole days. Without spirit liquid, even a month might not be enough for it to sprout.
On the bright side, Jiang Hao could depend on these plants to give him some bubbles, so he could advance to the primordial Spirit Realm soon.
Even if he suffered a loss from this, he needed to plant these seeds. If even half of them could spawn bubbles, that would mean twenty-five bubbles in total!
For the next two days, he watered the Black Lotus seeds with diluted spirit liauid. honing that it would grow faster.
If he used one bottle of spirit liquid a day, that would mean nine hundred spirit stones for thirty days.
‘I hope everything goes well.’
He returned to his courtyard. Jiang Hao took out the stone tablet. It was still not ready.
After two days, he checked it once again. Finally, it could be used!
To be safe, Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal on the stone tablet.
[Secret Message Tablet: A Dharma Treasure. Three-in-one. It can only be used after temporarily assigning a master. After assigning a master, it will not be discovered by its true owner, nor can it be spied on. If you find a similar type of stone tablet, you can combine them into one again and obtain more authority.]
Jiang Hao wasn’t surprised. It was fairly obvious.
“I wonder how many stone tablets there are in total.”
Jiang Hao didn’t think too much about it. He went to his room and began to refine the magic treasure. Hong Yuye had taught him the method. He projected his mind to sense the changes in the stone tablets. He sensed nine cubes floating in the tablet.
He then began to refine it. Everything went smoothly.
He had complete control over the stone tablet. It felt completely different from having only one stone tablet at hand. He had more control over it now.
Jiang Hao noticed that countless stars had appeared on the tablet, forming a pattern. The huge constellation occupied the stone tablet.
The constellations formed a word: Jing.
“Jing?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
After that, the image disappeared, and he saw the messages appear and disappear. He couldn’t figure out where they were coming from. Jiang Hao saw something flash in the distance. He followed it.
He suddenly heard a voice. It was a woman’s voice.
“I heard that the Heavenly Saint Sect is anxious. They want to attack the
Heavenly Note Sect. Which one of you stays near the Hidden Cloud Prefecture?
I heard the Heavenly Note Sect has many treasures…”
He saw someone turn to look at him.
Jiang Hao was stunned..