Chapter 169: Is This A Group Chat?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was a boundless void. Within the circle of light, Jiang Hao checked on himself. He blended with the mist.
He noticed other figures there. Their voices reached his ear.
Jiang Hao could make out three people from the sound of their voices. He knew their names!
The woman who spoke first was known as Gui. The taller individual was Liu and the slender one was Xing.
Jiang Hao was astonished. The three people turned to look at him.
“I apologize for the interruption,” he blurted out.
“Jing?” asked Liu, the tall man. He had a deep voice. “Are you new?”
“Having a newcomer at this stage is quite unexpected. Do you know the rules?” asked Xing.
Jiang Hao shook his head. He knew one thing for sure. He was known as “Jing” to these people.
The stone tablet seemed to have given him an identity.
“The first rule is to introduce yourself. Tell us your name and where you’re from,” said Gui with a teasing smile.
‘My name?’ Jiang Hao didn’t think there was a rule like that. Even if there was one, he wouldn’t follow it.
He needed to make sure he wasn’t discovered as an undercover agent.
He was only sure of the one thing he had heard. The Heavenly Saint Sect was planning to attack the Heavenly Note Sect. He didn’t know if the information was accurate, but there was a possibility that it could be related to him and the incident in the mines from before.
“In that case, I won’t disturb you further. Goodbye.”
Jiang Hao couldn’t give away his name or his secret! He decided to leave and prepare a plan before coming back here.
He disappeared from sight before they could respond.
“Uh… he disappeared.” Gui sighed. She had hoped he would fall for her tricks.
This was the first time she had seen a rookie retreat so decisively.
“It seems that your plan to uncover his identity was a failure,” said Xing with a smile.
Gui was slightly disappointed. “He’ll come here again.”
“That’s true. Let’s wait.” Liu nodded.
Jiang Hao left. He was surprised. He could enter the tablet and talk with other people!
However, he did not know if there were any disadvantages to it.
He took the stone tablet and looked at it again. He saw that messages kept appearing on the tablet.
[Gui: What were we talking about before we were interrupted by the newcomer?]
[Liu: We were talking about the Heavenly Saint Sect planning to attack the Heavenly Note Sect.]
[Gui: Right… The Heavenly Saint Sect has gone crazy! I need to get going. Talk to you next time.]
Jiang Hao watched as the messages disappeared. He was a little impressed by the tablet. How did someone create such a thing?
He had discovered something. He could see the conversation on the tablet, but if he wanted to participate in the conversation, then he needed to enter the tablet.
If he went in, he could see others, and others could see him. He needed to be careful next time. The messages had completely disappeared.
“Let’s wait and see.”
Although he was surprised by the features of this magic treasure, he had to figure out something first. There was someone far strong behind everything. There were currently four users, and they had their own codenames:
Jing, Xing, Liu, and Gui.
What he was certain about was that others possessed a similar stone tablet. As an undercover agent, his mission was to find the person behind this. He needed to collect as many stone tablets as he could.
After that, Jiang Hao put away the stone tablet and began to make talismans. He needed to earn more spirit stones because he needed more spirit liquid to help the Black Lotus seeds sprout faster. He also needed to prepare good quality tea for Hong Yuye.
After about twenty days, Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal on the Black Lotus seeds in the Spirit Herb Garden. The feedback he got from the ability informed him that the seed would sprout the next day.
Jiang Hao was excited. It had been almost a month. The day was finally here!
He had invested more than a thousand spirit stones to make the seeds grow. He had to work hard to sell numerous talismans to save up enough spirit stones.
‘I wonder how many bubbles will appear tomorrow.’
He Degan co count. Even 11 only nail me nowers gave Diue DUDD1es, ne woma have twenty-five bubbles!
Jiang Hao checked the lifeblood and cultivation in his interface.
[Lifeblood: 78/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 80/100 (can be cultivated)]
‘There is still time left. I have a month before I head to the Devil’s Den. That is enough time for me to advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm.’
Jiang Hao was looking forward to it. He calmed himself and began tending to the spirit herbs.
After that, he sat down on a bench and observed the garden. He saw a sixteen-year-old girl walking unsteadily.
“You are moving about unsteadily,” said Jiang Hao.
The girl was shocked. She lowered her head. “I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t damage the spirit herbs.”
“Do you know how expensive those spirit herbs are?” Jiang Hao said coldly. “Your breathing is unstable, and you’re out of balance. If you damage any of them, can you afford to compensate?”
Watching the girl panic, Jiang Hao cast some healing spells on her. “Go and rest. Come back to work tomorrow when you are better.”
The girl was ill. She had a high fever. Why was she in the Spirit Herb Garden when she was unwell?
After that, he instructed the caretakers to stay home and not tend to the spirit herbs if they felt ill. If any of them were damaged, who would pay for them?
Jiang Hao told them to rest and recover before coming to work.
In the evening, Jiang Hao returned to his house. He sat in the courtyard. He couldn’t calm down because he was simply too excited about tomorrow. If all the Black Lotus seeds spawned bubbles, he would have fifty bubbles!
While waiting for the sun to rise, Jiang Hao looked at the stone tablet.
He noticed that the conversation was always between those three people he had seen before. He even suspected that the area consisted of only four of them. The three people were talkative with lots of time on their hands. If he could blend in with them, he could find out more about the tablets!
However, he didn’t really have so much time on his hands. He only observed their conversation that appeared on the stone tablets occasionally.
After observing it for a while, he realized that their conversation wasn’t related to anything important. He no longer paid any attention to it.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao found two bubbles near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He then woke the spirit beast which was sleeping near the flower.
“Let’s go to the Spirit Herb Garden.”
The spirit beast rubbed its eyes.. “Master, why are we up so early today? Are you going to meet your mistress?”
 