Chapter 170: The Possession
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘Mistress?’
Jiang Hao felt bitter. With the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison in his body, it was impossible for him to feel attracted to any other woman.
Although there was Hong Yuye who made him… feel things. She was out of the question. The poison was simply ineffective against her.
However, the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison had helped him out multiple times, so he was optimistic about it. Moreover, it wasn’t like the poison’s effect couldn’t be cured. It was fine as long as he kept getting stronger.
“Master, I only have one collar. Isn’t it a bit shabby?” said the spirit beast.
“When can we get another one?”
“When we have the time and the opportunity,” said Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao had planned to buy a Golden Core Realm collar for the beast when he could save up enough spirit stones. “Can I choose it myself?”
“No.” Jiang Hao didn’t hesitate at all.
“Master, you have to understand that I’m good at that stuff.”
Jiang Hao chuckled.
After a while, they arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden.
“Oh, right, I have to find that outer sect disciple today,” said the spirit beast and ran out of the garden.
“Little brat, I’m going to get you,” it shouted as it ran away.
Jiang Hao glanced at the beast. It was about to advance yet again. ‘It’s about to reach the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. It is advancing way too fast!”
Jiang Hao frowned. The collar for the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm had cost him about a thousand spirit stones. The price would be above 1,500 for higher realms.
‘It seems the beast will advance rapidly after every step at awakening its bloodline.’
Jiang Hao walked into the Spirit Herb Garden. There were only a few people there.
The sky was lightening. People were just waking up, so there weren’t that many people in the garden yet.
If what Gui said was true, then there would be a battle soon. They would have no time to rest.
Both the Heavenly Note Sect and the Heavenly Saint Sect were demonic sects.
They had similar strengths and manpower. It was difficult for the Heavenly Saint Sect to win against the Heavenly Note Sect without casualties. Usually, people from any sect wouldn’t think of invading other sects without a proper plan, but the Heavenly Saint Sect was fanatical.
Jiang Hao stood in the garden and looked at the area where he had planted the Black Lotus seeds. He sighed in relief. ‘It worked!’
He calmed himself. He didn’t show his emotions.
Looking at the blue bubbles in the distance, he finally relaxed. This was the first time in his life that he was collecting so many bubbles in one go!
This was indeed the fastest way to get bubbles. He only had to walk over to absorb those bubbles into his body.
Jiang Hao walked to the area and bubbles swarmed over to him.
The prompts appeared to inform him of his gains.
[Lifeblood +1] [Cultivation +1]
[Cultivation +1] [Lifeblood +1]
[Lifeblood Pill +1]
The values on his interface constantly changed. [Lifeblood: 80/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 82/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Lifeblood: 89/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 90/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Lifeblood: 96/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 98/100 (can be cultivated)]
In another week, he could advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm, and there was still a month left till he left for the Devil’s Den.
He was in a good mood. He calculated the bubbles he had received.
“My lifeblood should have increased by 17 points, and my cultivation should be at 16 points. One of the pills came from another spirit herb. So… there were a total of thirty-three blue bubbles.’ Only forty-eight lotuses had sprouted this time.
He didn’t know if that was an accurate figure, but he liked the odds. The
Candlelight Pill Pavilion had also benefited from this. They could have their
flowers back in another fifteen days.
Fortunately, he hadn’t suffered a loss.
Two days later, the remaining seeds also sprouted. A blue bubble appeared near them.
Jiang Hao walked to his courtyard to collect the two bubbles that had just appeared in front of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. At this point, his cultivation and lifeblood had both reached 100.
[Lifeblood: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
He could advance now. He decided to wait until that night. The array formation was ready.
However, as soon as he arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw Liu Xingchen waiting at the entrance.
Liu Xingchen’s aura had changed again. The impenetrable dark aura had almost disappeared.
Jiang Hao wondered if the magic was gone from him.
Liu Xingchen looked the same as ever. However, his aura was no stronger than it had been a few months ago.
Jiang Hao was speechless. How did Liu Xingchen become so powerful in just a few days?
He activated the Daily Appraisal on him.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon. He was bored and let the sorcerer possess his body. Unfortunately, the Grand Wizard found the remnant soul of the True Dragon at the last moment and chose to act cautiously. He was cautious for a month. In order to make the Grand Wizard regain his confidence, he swallowed most of the wizard’s soul and deliberately forced it to where the True Dragon’s soul was. Then, he pretended that he hadn’t found it and waited for the Grand Wizard and the True Dragon to cooperate and possess his body. He is an undercover agent of the Heavenly Note Sect’s Law Enforcement Hall. He is on good terms with you because he wants to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. Very interested in you.]
Jiang Hao was stunned. First it was the dragon, and now a wizard!
Jiang Hao wondered what he would find next time when he appraised Liu Xingchen. Would the Grand Wizard and the True Dragon have a chance to turn the tides?
However, something bothered Jiang Hao. Liu Xingchen was very interested in him. What was he so interested in?
It was troublesome to be targeted by such a person. Liu Xingchen had never caused trouble for him so far. He even encouraged Jiang Hao to ask him for help if he ever needed it. Maybe there was no need to worry about him..