Chapter 171: Divine Might
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Good morning, Junior Brother Jiang.” Liu Xingchen smiled.
“Senior Brother Liu, are you here for spirit herbs?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Usually, Liu Xingchen directly visited his house if he wanted to talk. It was rare to see him at the entrance of the Spirit Herb Garden.
“Indeed.” Liu Xingchen gave the list to Jiang Hao. It was a list of spirit herbs he wanted.
“So many?” Jiang Hao looked at the list in disbelief.
This was a large-scale collection of spirit herbs. There were orders for healing spirit herbs and for those for strength.
It was as if someone was preparing for battle. Jiang Hao thought about the Heavenly Saint Sect.
“Are you going to fight with the other sects?” Jiang Hao asked.
The two of them walked towards the Spirit Herb Garden. Jiang Hao gave the list to one of the people present in the garden and asked them to prepare the order right away.
“There’s the situation with the Devil’s Den, and there have been incidents involving other sects. We can’t rule out the possibility that someone is targeting us. We need to be prepared. The fight with Azure Mountain has drained us. We are still recovering. This is just so that we stay prepared,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao nodded. The people of Law Enforcement Hall were very cautious. This was good. If the Heavenly Saint Sect attacked out of the blue, the sect would be ready for a fight.
“I heard that you will be going into the Devil’s Den soon?” said Liu Xingchen.
“I’m going next month, ” Jiang Hao said.
“I heard some seniors talk about the situation in the Devil’s Den. There are a lot of disciples put in that case. There are some from the top ten disciples list. Also, I heard many from the Hundred Bones Forest and the Heavenly Joy Pavilion will be there. The Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t get involved unless it was a major issue. I don’t need to tell you to be careful. There is something else you need to do too,” said Liu Xingchen. “You should make sure you don’t make any great contributions to the sect. The Law Enforcement Hall isn’t willing to let you off the suspect list.”
Why?” asked Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen had helped him stay on the suspect list in the past. Besides, Jiang Hao hadn’t made any special requests so the Law Enforcement Hall didn’t really care much.
“It’s because you have money. The Law Enforcement Hall wants to make money off of you,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao was stunned. The demonic sects were indeed absurd. Everyone wanted to make money off of him!
Liu Xingchen left the Cliff of Broken Hearts with the spirit herbs.
Jiang Hao busied himself in the garden. If the Heavenly Saint Sect really attacked in the future, the Spirit Herb Garden would be very busy.
He needed to warn Cheng Chou to make some preparations. However, Cheng Chou hadn’t returned yet.
‘It’s been more than a month, and he’s still not back…
Cheng Chou and Xiao Li had taken longer than that last time. ‘I wondered if they encountered anything this time on their journey.’
At night, Jiang Hao checked the array formation in his room. After confirming that there was no problem, he entered the array formation and prepared to advance.
His strength had improved a lot from his time outside the sect. This time, he should be able to save some lifeblood and cultivation to refine his cultivation realm.
Everything was ready. Jiang Hao extracted his lifeblood and cultivation
At this moment, Jiang Hao felt a powerful spiritual energy circulating around him.
As the Hong Meng Sutra circulated, purple energy covered his entire body. The power was guided by the purple energy. It nourished his divine soul.
Jiang Hao’s primordial spirit began to condense. His golden core was slowly turning into a primordial spirit.
To advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm, one had to condense one’s spiritual energy into power. Only then could the power break through the bottleneck, and his cultivation realm would advance.
The process went smoothly. However, halfway through, Jiang Hao felt another force appear in his body. The force began to surge toward his primordial spirit. It was cool and gentle. It didn’t disrupt his progress.
He heaved a sigh of relief. He would have been in danger if it had disrupted the process at the most crucial time.
This feeling was familiar. ‘Snow God Pill? I didn’t ingest the pill entirely before?’
Jiang Hao had no choice but to stay put. The cool effect of the Snow God Pill kept surging toward his forehead, as though it was trying to open up something. The power circulated continuously.
Jiang Hao saw that his lifeblood and cultivation had reached twenty-three and twenty-one, respectively.
His soul essence had condensed. Something strange appeared between his brows.
Jiang Hao wasn’t in a hurry to check. He calmed himself and refined his cultivation.
Early the next morning, he slowly opened his eyes. He had advanced to a new realm and had a better understanding of his body and his mind.
Jiang Hao looked at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 23]
LCL11t1vat10n: Early stage or yrlmorcllal spirit KealmJ
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might]
[Lifeblood: 23/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 21/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Power: 1/3 (Unavailable)]
[Golden Legend: 1/2 (Cannot be obtained)]
Jiang Hao was surprised to see a new divine ability: Divine Might.
When he had finally advanced, he had felt as though an eye had opened in the middle of his brows. That invisible eye must have been related to the new ability.
‘I thought Hong Yuye gave me the Snow God Pill to help repair my ability, but I didn’t expect it to give me a new ability!’
Jiang Hao touched his forehead. He could still feel that cool sensation. The effect of Divine Might was obvious. It was to exert invisible pressure.
It would come in handy in critical moments. At the same time, it could also defend against other people’s psychological attacks.
Jiang Hao compared his strength to Zuo Lan’s. He had only used one slash of the Demonic Sound Slash to kill Zuo Lan last time. However, he needed to be more careful if he faced anyone in the Primordial Spirit Realm in the future.
He got up to check the array and found that it was almost destroyed. The impact of his advancement hadn’t been small.
After tidying up the array, he went to the courtyard to collect bubbles.
However, he saw Hong Yuye crouching beside the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. The spirit beast was unconscious. It was also tied up with a rope and hung on a branch. It swayed in the wind.
This time, it looked like the beast wouldn’t survive..