Chapter 176: About to Be Killed
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao did not pay much attention to his seniors’ shocked faces. His current strength was set to the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Anyone in that realm who was perceptive enough could have done what he did.
He was more concerned about the demons around him. The demons weren’t stronger than the ones he had fought before, but they had become better at hiding and disguising themselves. It seemed that they were much more difficult to deal with than before.
Zheng Shijiu and the others recovered from their shock and became alert. Yue You stomped on the ground.
Boom!
The ground shook.
Zheng Shijiu waved his paper fan and cast a spell. Snow started falling in the place.
The tremors on the ground shook the demons out of hiding. Those that remained were exposed by the heavy snow.
Clang!
Xin Yuyue attacked with her sword. Each attack was imbued with thunder and fire.
The scarred middle-aged man also leaped up at this moment and tore the demons apart with his bare hands.
Jiang Hao also joined the fray. This time, he didn’t go for fatal strikes but attacked the weakest point on the demons’ necks with his dagger. As each demon fell, white bubbles spawned.
[Strength +1]
[Spirit +1]
All the demons were slain. Jiang Hao walked past the corpses.
‘Not even a single blue bubble.’ Jiang Hao sighed.
However, he had expected that. Since he had advanced to the Primordial Spirit Realm, blue bubbles had become rarer and rarer.
When he was at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, he found so many blue bubbles everywhere!
If he wanted better bubbles, he would have to kill demons in the Primordial Spirit Realm, or the Golden Core Realm. But where would he find such strong demons?
“There are no survivors,” said Zheng Shijiu.
Jiang Hao went over to join them. He had made up his mind to be patient even if there were not enough bubbles to be found. He could use this time to familiarize himself with the Universe in a Palm Ability and to study the nameless manual.
“Jiang Hao of the Cliff of Broken Hearts?” said Ye Ji. There was a hint of admiration in the way she called out his name this time. She had thought that people would get injured, but Jiang Hao had done well.
“Yes,” Jiang Hao said.
“Have you cultivated spiritual techniques?” Ye Ji asked.
“Some,” said Jiang Hao. He knew some spirit techniques that had come in handy. The nameless manual had taught him so much.
Ye Ji nodded. “Be vigilant and see if the previous scouting team left anything behind.”
The five people agreed and began to investigate.
Zheng Shijiu and Xin Yuyue heaved a sigh of relief. They felt much safer with Jiang Hao around.
Yue You looked at Jiang Hao. She frowned.
She cultivated to pursue a solid foundation in her cultivation realm, so she saw many things that others missed,
Jiang Hao just killed the demon with one blow. His power was stable, and his cultivation was refined.
She felt embarrassed because she hadn’t done well in front of her seniors.
Jiang Hao walked forward and looked at the innermost part of the demon cave.
The light from the sky was still shining. It was as if the whole place had some kind of celestial glow. The dangers emerged from there. This was the core of the Devil’s Den.
‘I wonder what happened inside.’
With a sigh, he began to ask about the whereabouts of his fellow disciples. Looking at the signs of battle, it seemed that they were chased inside.
‘There is a high chance that they might have discovered something. Many trees have been destroyed in this area… It seems the fight was intense.’
“I found something!” said Zheng Shijiu.
“It’s the mark of the Ice Moon Valley.” Zheng Shijiu pointed at the water marks on the ground.
Jiang Hao observed the marks and found traces of faint spiritual energy swirling within.
“Can guess which direction they went in?” asked Ye Ji. “This way.” Zheng Shijiu pointed to the left.
“Let’s go and take a look.”
The six people headed toward the direction of the mark. Jiang Hao was at the back.
After a short time, they arrived at the riverbank.
“The mark shows that something is underwater,” Zheng Shijiu said.
Ye Ji nodded. She took a step forward and used her powerful strength to separate the river.
Splash!
Jiang Hao saw a magical formation appearing in the water. There was indeed something there!
Zheng Shijiu and the middle-aged man with a scar on his face pulled out the people who were unconscious.
They found three people. One man and two women.
Among them, one of the women was slightly injured. The other two were pretty severely wounded., while the other two had more serious injuries.
“Sister Xia?” Zheng Shijiu recognized the woman.
“Something big has happened,” said the woman called Xia when she saw Zheng Shijiu.
“Enemies… among the demons. They wanted to trap us. We need to escape or request more reinforcement. Otherwise, we’re doomed.”
“Let’s go back first.” Ye Ji got up.
As they headed out, Jiang Hao turned back to look at the place but didn’t feel anything amiss.
“Don’t worry. There are seniors of the sect inside the Devil’s Den. Our area is on the outer side. There shouldn’t be any powerful demons here,” said Ye Ji.
The others nodded but couldn’t say anything more. Soon, they returned to their campsite.
Ye Ji asked them to take the wounded people to the alchemists while she escorted Xia to the Golden Core Realm cultivators. They needed to discuss the situation and take action.
“Do you think what Senior Xia said is true?” Xin Yuyue asked.
“Where there’s smoke, there’s fire. There must be some danger around here,” Yue You said. “We should be prepared.”
“If we are trapped inside and need support from the sect, will they come on time?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s hard to say.” Zheng Shijiu frowned. “If we are trapped here, it probably means that the Gold Core Realm seniors are also trapped. Otherwise, they would run to help. I think that the sect will provide support in that case. If the sect had enough manpower to spare, we might be getting more reinforcement soon. ”
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. The heavenly Note Sect didn’t have enough manpower right now. They had suffered great losses in the previous battle with Azure Mountain. Besides, they were in conflict with the Blackheaven Sect, so many people had been dispatched to the mines.
The Heavenly Saint Sect was also becoming restless for a battle. They might infiltrate the Devil’s den.
If they were trapped here, they had to look out for themselves. The situation wasn’t looking good..