Chapter 178: A Massive Attack
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao didn’t feel surprised to see Ye Ji.
“Senior Sister Ye Ji,” he said in greeting.
Ye Ji was at the Golden Core Realm. However, compared to someone like Miao Tinglian, her Golden Core Realm wasn’t as strong. She probably wasn’t a formidable disciple.
To become a formidable disciple, it wasn’t enough to rely solely on cultivation. One needed to have innate potential, like Han Ming. His talent and potential far exceeded those of ordinary disciples at his level.
Jiang Hao’s current rate of progress was enough to make him a formidable disciple. The only reason he hadn’t become one yet was because his talent was only above average. Also, there were speculations that his advancement was due to treasures and other encounters. He was also in the suspect list of the
Law Enforcement Hall, and they thought he had ties with traitors of the sect.
Ye Ji approached Jiang Hao calmly. “You found it.”
“When did it happen?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Probably on the day you arrived. We were supposed to inform the sect as soon as we rescued the people. Unfortunately, we couldn’t get out.” Ye Ji stared at Jiang Hao. “Are you afraid, Junior Brother Jiang?
“A little,” said Jiang Hao.
“I couldn’t tell,” said Ye Ji and smiled.
“Do you think others know about this apart from the three of us at the Golden
Core Realm?”
“I think I’m the first to know,” said Jiang Hao. He didn’t think that the others had tried to venture outside.
“You’re the seventh,” said Ye Ji. ‘What do you think of the six people that were with you? Know anything about anyone?”
“I don’t know,” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Ye Ji was a little surprised by how calmly Jiang Hao handled the situation. “You seem quite calm. It’s admirable. What do you think our current situation is?”
“Not very optimistic.” Jiang Hao followed her and landed on the ground. “I was curious why the sect hadn’t sent reinforcement.”
“Several reasons,” said Ye Ji. “We report to the sect once a month. The last report we sent was on the day your group arrived. It’s been only eleven days since then. Secondly, we studied this barrier and realized that it emanates from the core of the Devil’s Den. If we resolve whatever is happening at the core, the barrier might disappear. Otherwise, there will be a continuous flow of power supporting this barrier, which makes it immensely difficult to break free. So…”
Ye Ji turned to look at Jiang Hao. “Even if the sect knows, the first priority is to enter the core and solve the problem to clear a path. We must rely on ourselves for now.”
“Can I help with anything, Senior Sister Ye Ji?”
‘Yes. I think there is something you can help with.” Ye Ji looked at Jiang Hao solemnly.
“If it were any other time, we could just wait. However, our magical artifact that detects demons is warning us that a large horde of demons is approaching. It won’t be long before they attack. At other times, we could contact the sect for reinforcement, but this time, it’s different. We are trapped.”
Ye Ji paused and looked at Jiang Hao. She thought she would see fear or helplessness in his eyes, but there was nothing. No excitement, no fear, nothing.
He only looked a little surprised. Ye Ji felt that the person in front of her was something else entirely.
Most people panicked when they heard such news.
Jiang Hao was taken aback. They had become the prey to the demons. The situation didn’t really look good for any of them..
 