Chapter 180: The First Gathering
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was time. Jiang Hao didn’t hesitate. He projected his thoughts into the stone tablet.
He explored its interior with his consciousness.
If anything happened, he could retract his thoughts immediately. Soon, the public area appeared before him.
It was different from the last time.
This time, boundless starlight flowed beneath his feet like a brilliant river, with the sun and moon revolving around the celestial sphere. It was spectacular.
Jiang Hao stood on a star. It was difficult to move around.
He turned to his right and saw the woman from before. Liu and Xing stood to Gui’s right.
‘Just four people like before…’
The four of them were not in a straight line. Xing was at the front, followed by Gui, and Liu at the back.
Jiang Hao looked up and saw a man sitting high above. He knew that was Dan
Vilan
“Senior Dan Yuan…” The other three clasped their hands in a salute.
Jiang Hao followed suit. He didn’t want to provoke them. He had made enemies everywhere. He wasn’t going to put his life in danger for this undercover operation.
Jiang Hao just needed to be patient. If he acted suspiciously, it would not only be dangerous but he would also be kicked out of here.
“It’s been a long time. It seems others are busy,” said Dan Yuan. His voice was soft. He looked at Jiang Hao. “Friend, are you a newcomer?”
“Yes. I just started,” Jiang Hao said truthfully.
“We’re all friends here, Jing. Where are you from?”
“I just arrived at Hidden Cloud Prefecture. I’ll be here for a while,” Jiang Hao said.
“Hidden Cloud Prefecture? That’s close to where I’m right now,” said Gui. “I’m in the Heavenly South Prefecture.”
“I’ve been on the sea lately,” said Liu with a smile.
“I’m in the eastern region in the Heavenly Sky Prefecture,” said Xing.
Jiang Hao was surprised. Everyone stated their location without hesitation. So, they had been right before. It was a rule for one to mention their location.
“Hidden Cloud Prefecture… I have something to ask you,” said Dan Yuan with a smile.
Jiang Hao nodded. Since he was an undercover agent, he had to play along. If he couldn’t help them, he would be of no value. He needed to play along. “Do any of you have any doubts about cultivation?” Dan Yuan looked at the four of them.
“Senior, I want to ask if someone who is not from the Great Thousand God Sect can still cultivate the Great Thousand Spiritual technique,” said Gui.
“Great Thousand Spiritual technique?” Dan Yuan smiled. “Is it for the sake of the Great Thousand Divine Avatar? If so, I don’t recommend cultivating it. If not, then there’s no problem.”
“Why can’t we cultivate it?” asked Gui, puzzled.
“Because the Great Thousand Divine Avatar has a fatal flaw that can only be compensated for by practicing the cultiva tion techniques in the Great Thousand God Sect. Other people who learn it will die. It’s fine to learn it as an ordinary spiritual technique, but you don’t really need it.”
“I see.” Gui nodded.
Liu and Xing also asked their own questions. They also asked about various techniques.
However, the information was too limited. Jiang Hao couldn’t really understand much about the people from just a few questions.
He only knew a bit more about Gui. She was at the Heavenly South Prefecture and was currently chasing a python who took her things.
Dan Yuan answered their questions one by one. His gaze shifted to Jiang Hao. The others also looked at him.
“Since we have all gathered here, it must be fate that brought us together. Don’t worry, young friend. You don’t need to pay anything for the answers you seek,” said Dan Yuan.
Jiang Hao thought about it for a moment. He didn’t know what he should ask. There was no problem with his cultivation. He didn’t want to ask about techniques. What else was there to ask about?
However, if he didn’t ask something, he would be the odd one out. It would make the others unwilling to talk to him.
“Where can I find the Snow God Pill?” he asked.
He thought that maybe he could ask about charms and enchantments, but he couldn’t muster up the courage. Charms were usually practiced by women spellcasters, so he felt self-conscious.
He couldn’t ask about the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, or about the Light and Dust technique. He didn’t want to reveal too much information.
“The Snow God Pill?” Dan Yuan was quite surprised. “Well… that’s not related to cultivation, but since you’re new here, I’ll answer your question. The Snow God Pill is extremely rare. Among the eighteen sects, only the powerful sects have them. The Sunset Immortal Sect has one. I think the Clear Sky School and the Bright Moon Sect also have them. It is rumored that the Clear Sky School even has a formula to make one, but it is hard to produce because it’s very difficult to find the materials. The best time to take the pill is before advancing to the Primordial Spirit Realm. There is a chance that it can offer you a divine ability when you advance. With it, the speed of advancement will be fast. The benefits are numerous.”
“As for obtaining it, you can actually get it directly. You will have to find a child with exceptional talent and send them to the Clear Sky School. They will obviously take such a disciple under their wing.”
Jiang Hao was surprised. He had taken the pill before advancing to the Primordial Spirit Realm, and it had given him a divine ability!
He didn’t know if Hong Yuye had intended it to be so. It was highly likely she had planned it all.
“Thank you for giving me the information, Senior,” said Jiang Hao.
Now, he had a better understanding of the Snow God Pill. It was unexpected that the Sunset Immortal Sect had one.
“Senior, do you have any missions?” asked Gui.
“I do have one,” Dan Yuan said. “I want you to help me find something.” “What is it?” Xing asked.
“The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower,” Dan Yuan said calmly. “I just need information about it. Anything you can find. It’s appearance, fragrance, blooming cycle, etc. You can exchange that information for a favor from me.” “Just information?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower? It’s the first time I’ve heard of it,” said Gui.
“It’s a divine item that is said to have fallen at the beginning of heaven and earth. That’s all I know for now,” said Xing.
“Information is enough, but it would be best if you could find the location of it,” said Dan Yuan.
Jiang Hao nodded. Obviously, he wasn’t going to tell them that he had the flower in his courtyard.
However, it confirmed something. Dan Yuan wasn’t in the southern region. Otherwise, he would already know that the flower was in the Heavenly Note Sect
The Heavenly Saint Sect, Blackeaven Sect, and Azure Mountain all knew that the flower was in his courtyard. They had sent many spies.
The Sunset Immortal Sect was probably unaware of it. ‘Should I reveal a little bit about the flower?’ thought Jiang Hao..