Chapter 181: Jiang Hao Tian Is Discovered
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the Hundred Flower Lake, it was drizzling lightly.
Rain fell onto the pavilion. A teacup was placed in a corner to collect the rain.
Inside the pavilion, Hong Yuye sat at the stone table and gazed absentmindedly at the rain outside.
“Sect Master.”
A figure in white descended and bowed to her.
“The Heavenly Saint Sect is restless.”
Hong Yuye fixed her gaze on Baizhi.
“It’s because of my incompetence.” Baizhi knelt down in fear. There had been too many problems in the Heavenly Note Sect lately, and she felt like it was all her fault.
“What’s the matter?” Hong Yuye asked calmly.
“The Devil’s Den is shaking, and the demons are swarming out. Right now, they have fallen into our trap. Once their race treasure appears, they’ll make a move. Everything is under control for now. When they attack, should we wipe them all out, or should we teach them a lesson and let them go?”
“That’s your decision,” said Hong Yuye. “What else?”
“The people from the Heavenly Saint Sect have been very active lately. It seems they are targeting Jiang Hao. They believe that he knows about the secret treasure in the mines. They might still have spies here. We are currently investigating it. We have been observing Azure Mountain as well. They seem to have given up on the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
Baizhi didn’t ask her anything about dealing with the Heavenly Saint Sect. That was her responsibility. As long as the sect wasn’t affected, it would all be fine.
Unfortunately, they weren’t lying low. Baizhi suspected that they knew about the problems in the Devil’s Den and were trying to sabotage everything. “What do you think of the Heavenly Saint Sect?” Hong Yuye asked.
“They are very paranoid and fanatical,” said Baizhi.
“What if they had planned this to deceive you? Maybe they want you distracted with this so that they can make a bigger move.”
Baizhi broke out in a cold sweat. What could they possibly be up to?
“Let’s talk about something else.” Hong Yuye didn’t want to discuss it further.
“The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is growing well. Jiang Hao was absent for three months last year… It’s difficult to determine his whereabouts. Although it’s hard to confirm whether he is a traitor, it’s clear that he is hiding some secrets. When he returned from his journey, he brought a disciple named Chu Chuan with him. I tried to observe this child to find out about where Jiang Hao was in the three months,” said Baizhi.
“I discovered that he was a fallen young master associated with the Bright
Moon Sect’s new disciple. It was impossible to pinpoint their exact location. After that, I had people investigate the Bright Moon Sect. I found their trails in several towns. I couldn’t find much, but I found out something about a person named Jiang Hao Tian.”
“Jiang Hao Tian?” Hong Yuye asked. “Is he related to Jiang Hao?”
“It’s possible,” Baizhi said. “That person and the people from the Bright Moon Sect stayed in the same inn. The Bright Moon Sect took away their new disciple, but Chu Chuan didn’t follow them. Jiang Hao Tian must have taken away someone of similar age.”
“Go on,” Hong Yuye said.
“At first, I thought Jiang Hao Tian might be Jiang Hao. However, it doesn’t seem likely,” said Baizhi. “They are different in appearance and temperament. Jiang Hao seems very arrogant and reckless, almost maniacal. I suspect he must be someone related to Jiang Hao. But I found out that Jiang Hao’s family moved away many years ago. I found nothing about them in the surrounding towns. He might not have any living relatives. This person appeared very mysterious. I don’t know what the person plans.”
Baizhi had suspected that the two were the same person. However, they were vastly different. Besides, Jiang Hao was young. He was in his early twenties. No matter how strong he was, he couldn’t reach such a level.
“Anything else?” Hong Yuye asked indifferently.
“There’s also another little girl that Jiang Hao recruited a while back,” said Baizhi. “The girl receives a lot of care from Jiang Hao. That little girl is not ordinary. Even though she is just at the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, no one can match her. After only a few months of cultivation, she is already at the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. She is extraordinary. That’s not all… she also has an unusually large appetite. I suspect she either possesses a special physique or has a special background.”
“Have you investigated it?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I have. Ku Wu Chang must have investigated it as well. This little girl was picked up by an elderly couple from the river. They adopted her. That’s all I know for now. If nothing unexpected happens, Ku Wu Chang will accept her as a true disciple once she establishes her foundation.”
“If her background is not that extraordinary, then there’s no need to pay it any attention,” Hong Yuye said.
Baizhi nodded. “Based on this investigation, we can speculate that the person related to Jiang Hao might be near the sect, or even within the sect. Considering that his whereabouts were difficult to trace when he ventured outside the sect, that person might be helping him. However, all this is just speculation.”
“Continue the investigation,” Hong Yuye instructed.
Baizhi nodded.
“What about the other traitors besides Jiang Hao?” Hong Yuye looked at Baizhi.
Baizhi panicked. “There has been some progress. There might be some traitors among the elders.”
“Find them,” Hong Yuye said coldly. “And see who Azure Mountain has been associating with. ”
“Understood.”
Hong Yuye tossed out a transparent box with a ring inside. “Here. The efforts must be repaid.”
Baizhi took the box. She couldn’t understand the Sect Master’s intentions, especially when it came to Jiang Hao. She instructed her to investigate him while handing him rewards.
‘Does the Sect Master think that there is something wrong with him but wants to keep him as a pawn?’
There wasn’t any evidence against Jiang Hao, so she didn’t dwell much on it. Moreover, he was a pawn to attract other traitors.
They needed to solve other problems in the sect first and make the sect stronger in the next few years. More and more people knew about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. That could be Jiang Hao’s test of loyalty.
Jiang Hao opened his eyes. The gathering didn’t last long, but it was full of surprises. He learned quite a bit from joining in.
However, maintaining his position was a troublesome matter. He couldn’t leave, and if the others requested his cooperation, he couldn’t refuse too many times. They would find him suspicious or think of him as having no value.
Another thing that bothered him was the method of growing the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It made him think of Xuanyuan Tai.
Xuanyuan Tai knew that he was growing the flower and had seen value in Jiang
Hao.
It hadn’t seemed important before, but now, Jiang Hao realized something. Not many people knew how to plant the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, but he had managed to grow it. Even Elder Baizhi occasionally sent him rewards which made him realize that he was doing a good job of raising the flower.
‘I am valuable to the Heavenly Note Sect, after all.’
Jiang Hao felt relieved when he realized that, but he wasn’t certain of it yet. He didn’t dare ask Elder Baizhi about it, as he feared her wrath.
‘Maybe I can try asking Hong Yuye when I see her next time…’
Suddenly, Jiang Hao realized that Hong Yuye might not know about it either. Jiang Hao froze where he stood.
‘Why did Elder Baizhi approach me? Is it a coincidence she asked me to plant the flower at the same time the traitors were appearing?’
At that time, he had conflicts with the traitors, and the sect had started cracking down on them. He had received the seed from Elder Baizhi and had managed to make the flower grow. He had long suspected that she gave him the seed so that she could fish out the traitors.
Jiang Hao decided to get stronger, no matter what the reason was. She opened the nameless manual and studied it.
Early the next morning, he walked out of the cabin and found Ye Ji.
“Junior Brother Jiang, have you made up your mind?” Ye Ji asked.
“Yes. I’ll follow you, Senior Sister Ye Ji.”.
“Good.” Ye Ji walked toward Jiang Hao with a smile. “I’m looking forward to seeing you in action, Junior Brother Jiang. I believe it will be impressive..”