Chapter 182: Sees Me As A Prey?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Do you need anything, Junior Brother Jiang?” Ye Ji asked. “This time, it’ll be dangerous inside. If you need anything, you only need to ask me.”
Jiang Hao looked at her. He tried to sense any kind of charms she might be casting on him.
He couldn’t find anything. “If I need anything, I’ll tell you, Senior Sister Ye Ji.”
“Good.” Ye Ji nodded and smiled. “Please rest well. We’ll enter from the back when the attack happens. We’ll have to rely on your vigilance.”
Jiang Hao felt strange. It was the first time anyone had ever placed such an importance on him.
‘Is this a charm?’ Jiang Hao was confused. He didn’t know if it was a charm she was casting on him, or if it was his own emotions.
He brushed the thought away. It was clearly a manipulative tactic.
“Alright.” He bowed.
After asking for some details, Jiang Hao turned and left. Roughly thirteen people were getting ready to go out.
Apart from him, ten were at the Foundation Establishment Realm, and two were at the Golden Core Realm.
‘It seems that my cultivation is the weakest.’ As far as anyone knew, he was at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Leaving Ye Ji’s cabin, Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. His situation was worrying. However, he just wanted to go in so that he could escape discovery. When the attack happened, he would let everyone escape and fall behind.
They would use the weakest person as a distraction while escaping. Jiang Hao was okay with that.
Although he needed to be cautious about charms and bewitchments, it wasn’t as concerning. Right now, what he needed was to conserve his strength.
First, he needed to control his power. Secondly, he needed to unleash stronger attacks.
Two days later, something roared in the distance. The demon army was approaching.
At this time, Jiang Hao noticed that everyone was setting up things all around them. Some created formations and others focused on traps.
They prepared for the demon horde’s attack.
Many people were aware that there would be no reinforcements and retreat wasn’t an option. They needed to stall the demons and wait for the sect’s rescue operation.
They all waited for the arrival of the demons and hoped that the demons would be delayed. It increased their chance of receiving reinforcements.
That night, Zheng Shijiu and Xin Yuyue came to find Jiang Hao.
“Junior Brother Jiang, I heard that you intend to enter the core of the Devil’s
Den?” asked Zheng Shijiu. “You may not be familiar with Senior Sister Ye Ji and Senior Brother Lan Feng, but… few people come away unscathed after associating with them.”
Yue You also nodded. “It’s better to follow Senior Brother Jin Long.”
“Those who are going in are all extraordinary. It won’t be easy for someone in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm, Junior Brother Jiang, ” said
Xin Yuyue.
Jiang Hao was surprised when he saw these three people. They seemed concerned about him. He took their warnings into consideration gratefully.
“Thank you. I would like to give it a try anyway.”
Zheng Shijiu and the others didn’t object to this. In fact, they were sure Jiang Hao would be okay.
“With many demons attacking together, how long can the seniors hold on here?” asked Jiang Hao.
“It’s hard to say, but with sufficient preparations, ordinary demons shouldn’t be able to break through the defenses here. If there aren’t any Golden Core Realm demons attacking at the same time, we can hold out for a long time. A month. Maybe,” said Yue You.
Jiang Hao nodded. Half a month had already passed. Another month would give them enough time for the sect’s reinforcements to arrive.
Staying put here was a wise choice. However, he might not find many bubbles if he did.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to offend Ye Ji by refusing her. He had already told her that he would come along.
Jiang Hao prepared to set off the next day.
On the fifth day, Ye Ji found Jiang Hao early in the morning.
“Junior brother, we can head in now.”
“Okay.”
Jiang Hao saw that the other twelve people had already gathered. He was the last one.
After a brief observation, he noticed that ten out of the twelve were at the Foundation Establishment Realm. Seven men and three women.
The way they looked at him with contempt. Jiang Hao didn’t care.
He was more intrigued by the 100 the Golden Core Realm cultivator gave him.
They exchanged a simple greeting and then ignored each other.
He had a slender figure and looked aloof, but his eyes shone with an eagerness as though he had found his prey.
‘That’s strange… I don’t even know him. Why do I feel like he is targeting me?’ “Let’s go.” Lan Feng smiled as he passed by Jiang Hao. “Junior Brother Jiang, you are the weakest in cultivation among us. You need to be very careful when we head in.”
“Thank you for the warning, Senior brother.” Jiang Hao followed them.
Zheng Shijiu and the others couldn’t help but feel sympathy toward Jiang Hao.
“It seems like Junior Brother Jiang is in for more trouble.” Yue You sighed.
“That might not be true,” said Zheng Shijiu. “1 feel like Junior Brother Jiang will somehow defeat the demons and turn the tides in our favor.”
“Even if he can’t do that, he might not really be in danger as much as we think, said Xin Yuyue.
Yue You looked at the two of them in confusion. She asked them why they felt that way.
“Just speculations,” said Zheng Shijiu.
The others at the defense line watched as the group entered the core of the Devil’s Den.
They knew that the demons were coming. The thirteen people moved silently and efficiently.
Jiang Hao followed at the back. He let the twelve people proceed forward. ‘We took the secluded route. Can we really avoid the demons here?’ Jiang Hao looked around.
He didn’t find any traces of the demons. It was already dark.
Occasionally, they would hear the sound of boulders rolling down. That must be the demons.
Ye Ji and Lan Feng stopped. “There should be quite a few demons ahead. Let’s hide and wait until dawn before we take action,” they whispered.
Jiang Hao stopped at the edge and understood why they had stopped. The demons were stealthy, and the group’s perception was limited in the dark. If the demons ambushed them, it would be over..