Chapter 184: It’s Up To You To Believe Me Or Not
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao returned to the place where Ye Ji and the others were huddled together. He noticed that they had finished their conversation before he arrived. He didn’t ask about it.
“Junior Brother Jiang, did you find something?” asked Lan Feng. “I’m guessing you did. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have rushed here from your outpost.”
Jiang Hao knew that Lan Feng was planning something against him, but he didn’t care. “The demons have launched an attack.”
“Everyone knows that,” said Sheng Ru. “Why is your reaction so slow, Junior Brother Jiang?
“Oh, I forgot,” said Sheng Ru. “It’s understandable that your reaction is slow since you’re only in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm.” Many people laughed. A few were silent.
Jiang Hao could sense that his presence as a cultivator in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm made some people feel uneasy.
Why would they be bothered by someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?
Jiang Hao didn’t mind their taunts. He didn’t need to stoop to their level. With their attitude, it was hard to survive in this world.
“Do you have anything else you want to report on, Junior Brother Jiang?” asked Ye Ji calmly.
“I think some of the demons are coming this way,” said Jiang Hao. “I don’t think it is a good idea to stay here.”
This statement caught everyone off guard. Lan Feng was skeptical, but he didn’t hesitate to use his magic to call the others who were scouting the surroundings.
Four people returned to their group.
“Did you find anything?” Lan Feng asked.
“The demons are heading towards the defensive line in large numbers. There should be at least two Golden Core Realm demons at the front,” said a man.
“Anything else?” Ye Ji asked.
All four of them shook their heads.
“Are there any demons approaching this place?” Lan Feng asked.
The four people shook their heads.
They all looked at Jiang Hao.
“Well… I must have been mistaken,” said Jiang Hao.
He had notified them. As for whether they believed him or not wasn’t his problem. He just needed to find a suitable opportunity to leave the group and be on his way.
“Mistaken?”
The two seniors in the Golden Core Realm didn’t speak, but the others looked at him with disdain.
Ye Ji frowned.
“Do you know that our lives are at stake here?” said Sheng Ru angrily. “How can you be so careless?”
She grabbed Jiang Hao by his shirt collar and slammed him against a tree.
“You dare to cause trouble even though you are just at the late stage of the
Foundation Establishment Realm? Don’t you feel ashamed of yourself?”
“I wasn’t joking about it,” said Jiang Hao. “It seems you have grievances toward me, Senior Sister.”
“What do you mean?” said Sheng Ru. “If you weren’t joking, then why is your information incorrect?”
“You can wait here and find out for yourself,” said Jiang Hao. He shook her hand off his collar and leaped away from the tree.
Ye Ji and Lan Feng shouted from a few paces away. “Retreat!”
They had just been about to make a move when they saw something from the corner of their eyes,
Sheng Ru was startled. A hand pierced through her body. She fell down with a thud.
Another hand slammed against her head and sent her flying.
Sheng Ru landed near Jiang Hao.
“I know that our lives are at stake. That’s why I came to inform the group, but you didn’t believe me. Your death verifies the truth anyway.”
Sheng Ru tried to look up at Jiang Hao, but she couldn’t move her body or her head.
Jiang Hao looked at his senior lying at his feet. He felt sorry for her. He realized that he didn’t want to be a person who would be lying at someone else’s feet because of his stupidity. He needed to try his best to maintain a rational and open mind, and he needed to become stronger.
Meanwhile, the others were also under attack. Thanks to the two Golden Core Realm seniors, they didn’t struggle too much.
The group was bewildered. They felt regret and anger. How did the demons appear so suddenly?
They looked at Jiang Hao in resentment. Why hadn’t he explained in detail?
Ye Ji felt annoyed. She didn’t expect Jiang Hao to brush it off as a mistake after everyone mocked him. She had to admit that he was sharp and highly perceptive.
Just as she was about to speak to him, Jiang Hao shouted, “Seniors, I think it’s best if we leave.”
The group was taken aback. What did he mean?
Although many of them were skeptical, they didn’t dare show it. Sheng Ru had done it, and now she was dead.
“The number of demons is increasing. If we don’t leave, more demons will find us. It won’t be easy to escape later,” said Jiang Hao. “Senior Sister Ye Ji, take others and go. I’ll try to hold them off. Once I draw them away, I’ll catch up.”
They all looked at each other and were tempted to run away.
Boom!
Jiang Hao leaped to the front of the group and slashed down at a demon with his saber. He stood in front and blocked the demons.
“Go quickly,” he urged.
“Okay!” Ye Ji didn’t hesitate. “Junior Brother Jiang, catch up with us as soon as you can. I have something important to tell you.”
Jiang Hao nodded. Lan Feng’s eyes flickered, but he gritted his teeth and led the group away.
Jiang Hao prevented the demons from following them. Although he had no obligation to protect these people, they were needed to resolve the big crisis. He also needed to finish the mission as soon as possible and return home.
Jiang Hao used Daily Appraisal on Lan Feng as the group left. He bothered Jiang Hao.
Soon, his feedback arrived. Lan Feng’s cultivation was ordinary. There was nothing strange, except that he coveted Jiang Hao’s storage treasure. ‘So, he wants my storage treasure because he thinks I might have some treasures because of my journey and extraordinary advancement…
Jiang Hao didn’t pay much attention to it. It made sense why Lan Feng would want his storage treasure. He also wanted Lan Feng’s storage treasure. He just didn’t know if he could get it.
He looked at the surrounding demons. He took a step forward and swung his saber in a semicircle. The slash was like a whip of light.
In the blink of an eye, he appeared next to Sheng Ru and slowly sheathed his sword.
Clang!
As the sword returned to its sheath, a burst of sword energy swept through the surroundings. Numerous demons fell to the ground.
Jiang Hao bent down to pick up her storage treasure.
Before leaving, he scattered the Ten Thousand Swords Talismans all over the place to prevent the demons from chasing after him.
He checked to see where Ye Ji and the others had reached. He then checked where the stronger demons were heading..