Chapter 185: Did I Choose the Wrong Place?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the Devil’s Den, two men slowly emerged from beneath the swamp.
They smiled at each other. “We’re in. Although entering through the second entrance was troublesome, it became much easier with someone providing cover.”
One of them had snow-white hair and the other had a small goatee. They were quite pleased with themselves.
“It seems that the manpower of the Heavenly Note Sect is indeed insufficient. Our people found a loophole as soon as they attacked. I wonder if anyone else has entered this place besides us?” the white-haired man said.
“They probably headed toward the core. These people want to make contributions, find the demon’s treasure, and awaken the Holy Master. We need to do the opposite of that,” said the man with the goatee.
“I heard that Jiang Hao is also in the Devil’s Den. He must be in the Foundation Establishment Realm. Let’s sneak past and find him. Wouldn’t that be a great accomplishment?” The white-haired old man laughed.
The man with the goatee agreed. The two of them disappeared again.
Meanwhile, Jiang Hao sat on a tree branch and watched the army of demons that kept approaching.
‘The second wave? Already?’
Although there was no demon in the Golden Core Realm this time, there were about four thousand Foundation Establishment Realm demons.
‘Where are all these demons coming from? Are they emptying their nests?’
As he watched, the demons disappeared from sight. He stared at the core of the Devil’s Den. He wondered how large it was.
Unfortunately, he had no intention of going inside. The core was still beyond what he could handle at his current cultivation realm.
Jiang Hao quickly headed deeper. He didn’t go in the same direction as Ye Ji and the others. Instead, he headed toward the area where the demons were swarming out from.
Ordinary demons were of no use to him. He wanted to find demons in the
Golden Core Realm or even the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao swiftly moved forward like a gentle breeze. He brought out the storage treasure of the dead Sheng Ru and examined it. She wasn’t wealthy, but she still had eight hundred spirit stones in her storage treasure.
With that, Jiang Hao now had one thousand spirit stones.
The other items were not worth much. He quickly continued with his journey.
Two days later, he encountered some hidden demons. They were in a group of ten. Their leader was in the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm. They seemed to be patrolling the area.
After observing the surroundings, Jiang Hao dealt with the ten demons in a single strike. He waited for a while, but no bubbles appeared near their corpses. ‘Not even a single white bubble? Oh, come on!’
Jiang Hao sighed and looked for other demons to kill. If he could help eliminate some of them who were headed to the defense line, it would help the disciples from his sect. He was far away from everyone. No one would notice that he had made contributions.
Five days later, he got some bubbles from two dead demons in the Primordial Spirit Realm. [Cultivation +1]
[Lifeblood +1]
He ventured deeper and found that the demons here were stronger.
However, the demons in their Primordial Spirit Realm were no different from those in the Foundation Establishment Realm. They all lacked intelligence.
Most of them acted on instinct. This made him worried.
‘Who is controlling these demons?’
The core beam was the same as before. It meant that it was too far away. Getting too close would be dangerous, so he moved in another direction.
Three people approached the demon’s corpse.
At the front was a beautiful woman who looked at the demon’s corpse with a frown. “There shouldn’t be anyone else taking this path.”
“Perhaps some senior took the wrong path,” said Mu Qi.
“There are no obvious traces around, so it shouldn’t be people from the other teams,” said another man.
“Let’s catch up and see if we can find them.” Ning Xuan quickened her pace.
Mu Qi and the woman followed. They were also searching for the person behind all this.
They split into three teams and headed in three different directions. If they encountered demons on the way, they would just kill them.
At first, there were no problems. However, when they followed the path, they found that someone had already taken care of the demons.
They chased for two more days. The group felt uneasy. Every time they found a corpse, they discovered that they had been killed with ruthless force.
They were curious about who the person with such strength was.
“Something doesn’t seem right.” Ning Xuan looked at the corpse under her feet. “We were only half a day behind this person. But now they seem a whole day ahead of us. Is it just one person’s doing, or are there others?”
Mu Qi was stunned. The image of Jiang Hao flashed through his mind.
He didn’t think Jiang Hao was extraordinarily strong, but the people who had offended him had ended up dead somehow. He wondered if something else was protecting him.
‘Perhaps the person protecting him is up to something…’
He didn’t share his thoughts out loud. He had only shared them with Miao Tinglian before.
“Let’s continue,” Ning Xuan said.
Jiang Hao stood in front of a camp surrounded by trees. There were Golden Core demons and Primordial Spirit demons in a group.
As he approached, he felt a faint fluctuation of power. It quickly disappeared. ‘That must be the source that Senior Sister Ye Ji mentioned before.’
He decided to go in and take a look.
Jiang Hao approached from the side. Although the demons were strong, they had their weaknesses. They weren’t very perceptive.
Jiang Hao saw a house. That was the source of the power fluctuation he sensed. There were many demons guarding the house.
He saw a demon sitting in front of a wooden table. There was an irregular stone on the table.
Inside, the stars were twinkling. The source of power was from this stone!
The demon raised his head and looked at him..