Chapter 186: Are You Just a Puppet?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Demons wreaked havoc on the defensive line. Giant rocks fell from the sky. The roars and rumble sounded nonstop.
Zheng Shijiu led a group of people to stall the demons.
One by one, the demons fell. However, it was of no use. It didn’t even make a difference. There were just too many demons arriving.
They were exhausted from fighting constantly. Their spiritual energy was drained.
The demons were numerous.
Boom!
Zheng Shijiu severely injured a Golden Core demon. He was pushed back in the process. He leaned against a broken tree. He was completely exhausted.
It had been over ten days, and he had relied solely on his determination to continue to fight.
Yue You and Xin Yuyue also retreated. They were injured and bruised all over. Their faces were pale.
“Our defensive line has been breached. We won’t be able to hold on much longer. Senior Brother Jin Long is in grave danger,” said Yue You as she coughed up blood.
In the distance, Jin Long fought against three Golden Core demons with all his might. Despite his strong defense, he couldn’t withstand three demons at a time.
At first, there were only two Golden Core demons, and he could still fight them. He even killed one. However, more kept coming.
He didn’t even have time to rest. His strength and energy were dwindling. Jin Long wanted to retreat, but he had nowhere to turn.
The strength of the demons far exceeded his ability to resist. If this continued, he would die.
He felt despair. He hoped Ye Ji and Len Fang would succeed in getting rid of the demons at the core.
Boom!
Jin Long was forced back. He was on the verge of collapsing with exhaustion.
He looked back toward the direction of the sect, hoping that the sect would provide support soon. However, he didn’t see anyone approach.
The demon attacks became increasingly fierce, and Jin Long tried to retreat slowly.
Zheng Shijiu’s folding fan had already shattered into pieces. He watched bitterly as the demons attacked.
“Junior Sister Yue, what do you think about Junior Brother Jiang?”
Yue You held her huge sword and thought for a while. “He has a good reputation. He tries to do what is right. He even treats the non-cultivators well.
He never harms them.”
“That’s true.” Zheng Shijiu smiled. “Let’s keep holding on. Perhaps we still have hope.”
“What do you mean?” Yue You was puzzled.
“Perhaps the nest of the demons might be destroyed,” Xin Yuyue said.
“Why?” Yue You still didn’t understand.
“Because of what you just said.” Zheng Shijiu stepped forward to face the demons ahead.
This made Yue You even more confused. However, she didn’t have time to dwell on it. She focused on fighting.
The defensive line had already been breached. If they couldn’t close the gap, everyone would face death.
However, even though they fought back valiantly, the difference in numbers was too great.
After half a day of fighting, Zheng Shijiu couldn’t take it anymore.
With a loud bang, the bones in his hands cracked. He retreated.
Xin Yuyue suffered a severe leg injury, and Yue You’s huge sword broke. It injured the palms of her hands.
The three of them were no longer able to fight the demons. They were filled with despair.
It wasn’t just them. Everyone on the front line felt the same way. The defensive line wouldn’t last long.
Jin Long also knew that everything was futile. Without reinforcement, they would all end up dead here.
At that moment, he wondered if it would have made a difference if Ye Ji and Len Fang were present. They were both in the Golden Core Realm, after all.
Unfortunately, he had no time to speculate. He wanted to survive.
The demons attacked. He was pushed back.
The three Golden Core demons joined forces, but Jin Long had no power to defend.
However, the attacks kept coming. Jin Long wanted to escape.
With another loud boom, Jin Long was pushed back once again.
He felt that something was strange. In the distance, Zheng Shijiu and the others, who were heavily injured, fought back.
“Get up,” he said to Xin Yuyue and the others beside him. “The demons are different… ”
“Different?” Xin Yuyue struggled to get up.
Yue You attacked and found that the demons were slower than before.
“Yes! They’re different!” she exclaimed.
Everyone realized the same. The demons were no longer as aggressive and ferocious as before. They were not acting on instinct alone.
They had lost their previous formation and tactics. They weren’t united like before.
“It’s true!” Zheng Shijiu rejoiced. He was sure his speculation from before had been right.
“Although they’re strong, we can fight them now!” Xin Yuyue laughed.
Yue You was astonished. If the two seniors were to be believed, then Jiang Hao must have saved them. ‘How is that possible?’
“Don’t slack off now! Fight with all your might. Let’s drive them back!” shouted Jin Long.
Inside the wooden house in the devil’s lair, Jiang Hao struck the stone and split it in two.
The demon in front of him just stared at him. It didn’t even make a move.
When the stone broke, the demons guarding the place scattered.
‘So, it was because of this stone…’
Jiang Hao was surprised. Ye Ji and the others had been right. This place was really the source of all the abnormalities in the demons.
Jiang Hao looked at the demon in front of him. It was a Foundation Establishment Realm demon. “You’re too weak. I won’t kill you if you just leave.”
However, the demon just stared at him.
Jiang Hao sighed, and he swung his saber at it.
The demon fell to the ground. It was dead.
Jiang Hao didn’t sheathe his saber. He turned around and stared at the empty corner.
“Don’t look at me like that,” said Jiang Hao. “I didn’t want to kill it, but you didn’t let it leave.”
“How did you figure it out?” a voice asked.
A small figure appeared in front of Jiang Hao. His eyes were red. He even resembled a demon. He had fangs and scales. His hair was messy and puffed up.
“Are you also a demon?” Jiang Hao asked.
As for how he figured it out, it had been easy. With the knowledge from the nameless manual, his abilities, and his strong perception, it wasn’t difficult to figure everything out.
The small demon stared at Jiang Hao angrily. “We don’t want to be closed off here. We want to go out too. Is that so wrong? Why do you all insist on exterminating us? Don’t we have the right to pursue freedom?”
“You’re not wrong,” said Jiang Hao softly. “But you are attacking my sect. The sect has dispatched me to get rid of you because you are causing problems. I’m just following orders. Do you think I’m wrong for doing that?”
“Don’t you know what it means to be righteous?” asked the small demon.. “Are you just a puppet who follows orders?”