Chapter 187: You ‘re in the Primordial Spirit Realm?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao fell silent. “What does it mean to be righteous?”
“Being righteous is to create an equal world for all,” said the small demon.
Moonlight shimmered as Jiang Hao severed its neck with his saber.
Jiang Hao appeared in front of the demon, but there was only a phantom there. There was no sign of blood.
‘So fast…’ Jiang Hao was shocked.
The small demon was in the Primordial Spirit Realm and possessed a strange, elusive power. It could conceal itself impeccably.
Jiang Hao had tried to trick it by making small talk. However, it seemed that the demon had the same plan.
The moment Jiang Hao made a move, it escaped. Both of them had acted at the same time. It was always a mistake to underestimate one’s enemy.
Jiang Hao followed the demon. With his ability, he could keep up with the demon.
As for the Golden Core demons and the other Primordial Spirit demons, Jiang Hao had no time to focus on them. This small demon was his priority.
Although blue bubbles were rare, they were not nonexistent. He could always find another way to get them.
In the forest, Jiang Hao moved like a ray of light. He was difficult to see. In front of him, the small demon moved swiftly.
The two of them moved at a breakneck speed.
‘The demon seems to have some special power that helps him move very fast, ‘ thought Jiang Hao. ‘It makes things tricky.’
Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal on the demon.
[Demon Returning River: A wise demon among the demons. In the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Possesses special powers of the demons. The Demon’s Heavenly Method is used to conceal its presence. It senses that you are dangerous and is luring you to the Devil’s Den Ruins to trap and kill you.] ‘Devil’s Den Ruins?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
He had never heard of such a place before. If the demon thought that the ruins could kill him, it must indeed be dangerous.
Jiang Hao activated his Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability for safety. He wanted to catch up with the small demon and kill him fast.
However, the moment he activated his divine ability, the small demon was flustered and activated its Demon’s Heavenly Method.
The speed at which it proceeded was unbelievable! If Jiang Hao hadn’t learned the Light and Dust method, he wouldn’t have been able to catch up at all.
Fortunately, he still had an advantage. It wouldn’t take long for him to catch up with the demon.
After a while, the small demon stopped fleeing. Jiang Hao had caught up to it, and there was no point in running.
“You… you can’t kill me yet!” it shouted. “I have abilities that other demons don’t have. I can do many things for you. I will tell you everything you want to know. I can also lead you to the core of the Devil’s Den. Please spare me.” Whoosh!
Moonlight streaked past. Jiang Hao wanted to kill it. He didn’t want to leave loose ends.
He was curious about the Devil’s Den Ruins and the core, but he thought it was better to ask Hong Yuye about it than to believe a demon’s words.
The first strike missed the mark. It was the same with Jiang Hao’s subsequent attacks.
When the demon was about to strike back, he felt an immense pressure descending on it.
Jiang Hao had used Divine Might to suppress the demon. The small demon panicked.
It was at this moment that Jiang Hao slashed at its throat. The small demon clutched at its throat and fell to the ground.
It stared at Jiang Hao. “Why? Did I… do something wrong?”
“No… it’s just that you got entangled with an enemy stronger than you,” said Jiang Hao.
The small demon fell to the ground. Its blood stained the earth. “Please… c-can you spare m-me?”
“If you don’t attack me back, I can let you live.”
As for letting it go, it was up to the Heavenly Note Sect. Jiang Hao had no say in the matter.
The small demon’s voice was weaker than before. “Why must we stay trapped here?”
Jiang Hao didn’t respond but stood quietly beside it.
“Who doesn’t want to explore a broader world? We are not lesser than anyone.” Its voice faded away.
Soon, there was only silence.
Jiang Hao struck it twice more with his saber to make sure it was dead.
With that, the source of the chaos had come to an end. The words of the small demon made no difference to him. In this world, everyone looked out for themselves. The strong dominated the weak, and if you couldn’t figure out a way to survive, you ended up dead.
Boom!
Suddenly, a loud rumbling sound came from the direction of the core of the Devil’s Den. Jiang Hao immediately turned to look.
Radiant light was emanating from the direction of the core, followed by continuous explosions. An immense power occupied half of the sky, and wreaked havoc.
It made Jiang Hao realize the limit of his own strength. There were still many powerful beings among the demons that he couldn’t fight.
Jiang Hao moved away from the direction of the core. He thought about the ruins. After hesitating for a bit, he decided to go and take a look.
Now that the small demon was gone, he felt more at ease. Perhaps it wouldn’t be as dangerous as before. The matter with the Devil’s Den would only be resolved after the core was calm again.
He still had plenty of time.
In the evening, Jiang Hao came across a strange structure. It looked like a grand hall, with an entrance leading underground. It seemed that the ruin was actually underground.
Just as he was about to enter and investigate, something rushed past him and fell a few paces away from Jiang Hao.
Upon closer inspection, he realized that it was a man in the early stage of the Golden Core Realm. He was injured. Blood trickled down from the corners of his mouth.
Jiang Hao recognized the person. It was Lan Feng.
Lan Feng also noticed Jiang Hao. He had been a bit cautious in the beginning but smiled when he saw that it was Jiang Hao.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re still alive!” said Lan Feng.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He glanced behind Lan Feng to see if anyone else was coming out of the ruins.
“Are you looking for Junior Sister Ye Ji? She’s already dead. Only two of us survived,” said Lan Feng after taking a moment to catch his breath. “I remember that you are in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm, right? Did you get injured?”
“Just some minor injuries… nothing serious,” Jiang Hao said.
“I see.” Lan Feng stared at Jiang Hao’s storage treasure. “Junior Brother Jiang, you have had quite a few extraordinary encounters. You must have obtained some remarkable treasures.”
“What do you mean, Senior Brother Lan?” Jiang Hao asked calmly.
“The innocent should not be burdened with guilt, Junior Brother Jiang. I’m sure you understand that,” Lan Feng said coldly. He extended his hands as though asking for something. “Sometimes, giving up treasures can save your life.” Jiang Hao smiled. “Senior Brother Lan, you can come and take it yourself.”
“You have a death wish!” Lan Feng’s Golden Core Realm aura erupted. He launched an attack on Jiang Hao with lightning speed.
Jiang Hao remained unfazed. Just as he was about to be hit, he frowned slightly and released his spiritual energy. The pressure swept out like a storm and enveloped the surroundings.
Lan Feng didn’t seem as confident anymore. He felt something strike him. The aura that hit him surpassed even the Golden Core Realm. He froze.
Lan Feng’s heart pounded in fear. He could hardly believe it. He stared at Jiang Hao in shock.
“How is this possible? You’re in the Primordial Spirit Realm?”
“Senior Brother Lan, do you have any last words?” Jiang Hao asked calmly.
“No… please. Not like this…”
But the blade had already struck him. Lan Feng’s vision blurred, and his consciousness faded slowly.
Jiang Hao looked at Lan Feng’s lifeless body on the ground, then glanced around and realized that there was no storage treasure to be found.
He looked at the entrance of the ruin. There might still be people inside..