Chapter 189: Don ‘t You Think I Might Have Hidden Trump Cards?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao looked up at the sky inside the ruin. He couldn’t see walls or anything else besides starlight.
Even when he extended his divine senses, everything felt empty.
‘Is this still underground?’ wondered Jiang Hao.
He could sense the suppressing feeling but couldn’t figure it out. It affected his mind a little. There was no one and nothing around. Except for the sounds of his footsteps, he could hear nothing.
Jiang Hao walked along a straight path. Surprisingly, there were no other floating objects this time, only a road leading forward, but he couldn’t see the end of it.
He felt strange walking on the path. He felt as though it might collapse any minute.
Jiang Hao cautiously placed his hand at the edge of the abyss. There was a suction force. It seemed that if he strayed away from the path, he would be sucked into the abyss.
What lay beneath the abyss was a mystery. Jiang Hao didn’t want to unravel that mystery. He walked along the path and heard a faint laughter in the distance.
“Hahaha… are you running away? You really think you can run away?”
An old man flew over him and landed behind him. He was in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. His opponent was only in the early stage. However, the old, white-haired man was surprised when he saw Jiang Hao.
“Took some time, but we found you..
A woman stumbled and ran. Ye Ji was stunned when she saw Jiang Hao. She had almost despaired when the old, white-haired man appeared in front of her. She thought this was the end for her.
“Junior Brother Jiang, has the sect’s reinforcements arrived?”
Jiang Hao recognized her. She was Ye Ji. He noticed that she was injured, and her cultivation was unstable. She was in a dire situation.
She was being targeted by two men in the Primordial Spirit Realm, but she was still alive. That meant that she had some kind of treasure that was helping her, or the two men had no intention of killing her.
Jiang Hao understood what had happened here. He wondered how capable the two were in combat. He had never faced someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm before.
Jiang Hao nodded. “The sect’s reinforcements might have arrived. The source that was controlling the demons has been destroyed. The sect’s experts are dealing with the situation right now.”
“Young man, who are you even trying to fool?” asked the old man with a goatee as he walked over to them. “Do you really think the demons are that weak?
Even if they are, our Heavenly Saint Sect is not to be trifled with.”
Jiang Hao was surprised to hear that they were from the Heavenly Saint Sect. He had walked right in their hands like a lamb to the laughter.
“Oh… you’re Jiang Hao from the Cliff of Broken Hearts,” said the old, white-haired man as he stared at Jiang Hao. “What did Yan Hua tell you before she disappeared? What is the secret hidden in the mine?”
Ye Ji was stunned. She hadn’t expected people from the Heavenly Saint Sect to know about Jiang Hao. They seemed to think he was someone important.
Ye Ji was a little relieved. She might be able to escape, after all.
“Why do you assume that Yan Hua told me anything about the secret?” asked Jiang Hao.
you were Lile IdSL person sne Illeu ueuore sne cusctppeueu. 11 sne L Len you, who would she tell it to?” asked the old, white-haired man.
“Is it possible that she did that on purpose?” said Jiang Hao. “She must have done it to make you target me while giving away the secret to someone else,” said Jiang Hao.
“Yes… that might be possible. But if it isn’t you, then who should we search for?” asked the old, white-haired man.
Jiang Hao was speechless. ‘Apart from me, who would have interacted with Yan Hua? Who else could they go after?’
“But I really don’t know about any secrets related to the mines,” said Jiang Hao truthfully.
“Whether you know the secret or not is not important for now,” said the old man with the goatee. “Let’s go in first.”
Jiang Hao hesitated.
“You must be curious about the treasure hidden inside, right?”
Jiang Hao walked forward. Ye Ji followed him. She let Jiang Hao take the lead to pretend like he was in charge. She waited for an opportunity to escape.
Jiang Hao had no idea about Ye Ji’s intentions. He was genuinely curious about the treasure hidden inside. He also wanted to find out more about what the Heavenly Saint Sect was planning.
“I heard that your sect wants to attack our sect,” said Jiang Hao. “Why?”
“Huh?” The old man with a goatee looked surprised. “I didn’t say anything about that. Why do you think we would attack you?”
He was pretending to make small talk while keeping a close eye on Jiang Hao. He didn’t want to let Jiang Hao escape.
Although Jiang Hao seemed to be only in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, there must be a reason why Yan Hua had chosen him. They didn’t want to underestimate the enemy.
“Because of me?” Jiang Hao guessed.
“Partly.” the old man with a goatee smiled. “Although many people want to capture you, and we do too, it wouldn’t be wise for the heavenly Saint Sect to attack the Heavenly Note Sect. We can’t sacrifice ourselves just like that. We need to protect our Holy Master.”
“Holy Master?”
Jiang Hao had no idea who the Holy Master was, but he knew a little about the Holy Maiden of the Heavenly Saint Sect.
“Is the Saintess of your sect prepared for the Holy Master?”
The old, white-haired man chuckled. “You have so many questions.”
Jiang Hao continued walking forward. His hand was on his saber. He remained on high alert against the two people.
“I’m as good as dead against the two of you. You don’t need to be so cautious with me,” said Jiang Hao.
The old, white-haired man sneered. “That’s true, but it’s best if you don’t know more about our Holy Maiden, the Saintess, and the Holy Master.”
“Actually, it’s not that difficult,” said the man with a goatee with a smile. “Just keep denying that Yan Hua told you anything, and we will take you with us to our sect. Then… you will be able to see everything yourself. But you will have to endure torture worse than death. We have already planned everything for the interrogation. Just hold on a bit longer.”
“Haven’t you noticed that I’m very calm? Don’t you think I might have my own hidden trump cards?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Hahaha…” The two men burst into laughter at his words.
“I’m looking forward to your “hidden trump cards” to be honest. You’ll soon realize that everything is as fragile as paper in the face of absolute strength,” said the old, white-haired man.
‘How arrogant!’ thought Jiang Hao.
He learned something from the interaction. Power could blind some people. When that happened, arrogance would be the cause of untimely death. Jiang Hao decided not to let his own arrogance blind him.
After a while, Jiang Hao arrived at a fork in the path.
“Left,” said the old, white-haired man.
Jiang Hao walked to the left. He didn’t know how they were so sure the left path was the correct one, but he didn’t sense any danger.
He continued forward.
After walking for a while, they came upon a huge door.
Jiang Hao frowned. There was a strange power trying to burst out of there. It was suppressed by an invisible force for now. “Enter the door,” the old, white-haired said.
They were excited.
The door opened. Jiang Hao couldn’t sense anything anymore, but he kept his hands on his saber and walked in.
He carefully observed the door. There was a protruding stone that might have been a switch.
Ye Ji intentionally lagged behind, but she saw the switch too. Her eyes flickered as if she had figured out a way to escape.
Jiang Hao noticed it. ‘Is she trying to use me and trap us inside so she can escape?’
As soon as he entered the stone door, Jiang Hao felt a red light shining on him. He instinctively activated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra to protect himself from whatever was inside.
When the red light dissipated, a vast underground palace came into view. Stone blocks floated in the middle like stairs.
It was like a pyramid with a red pearl at the top. The pearl emitted a faint red light. Strange power surged in all directions.
The power ebbed and flowed with the red light. Jiang Hao felt that it was dangerous. It would be bad to get close to it.
Without hesitation, he activated the Daily Appraisal..