Chapter 190: Senior Sister Hong
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao received feedback immediately. He felt a little afraid.
[Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl: A treasure of providence. In ancient times, someone gathered all the misfortune artifacts of the world and refined them for 981 years to condense all the misfortune into a single pearl in the year of disaster. Being near it for an extended period would bring misfortune upon oneself. Physical contact would cause misfortune to seep into its bones. Carelessness would result in annihilation of the body and the soul. If one deliberately used it, they would be contaminated by the karma of the Pearl of Misfortune and suffer its backlash. To control its influence, one must possess great fortune and suppress it with the Galaxy Array or seal it with the Hong Meng Purple Spiritual Energy.]
Jiang Hao hesitated. It was no wonder he had felt the need to instinctively activate the Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
It was to resist the power of misfortune. Once the misfortune engulfed him, it would greatly affect his cultivation.
This ruin might have gathered the Galaxy Array and the power of mountains and rivers to suppress the Pearl of Misfortune.
He dared not touch it. Taking it outside would be disastrous. However, the last sentence caught his eye.
Perhaps he could take it away with him since he had the Hong Meng Heart Sutra, but if it backfired, he didn’t know what kind of destructive power it would unleash.
For a moment, he was curious whether Hong Yuye could resist the influence of the Misfortune Pearl. He could take it and give it to her. It was just a thought.
At the very least, he had to wait until tomorrow. Then he could seal the Misfortune Pearl and then assess its safety.
If it was dangerous, there was no need to take unnecessary risks.
At this time, everyone had already entered through the door. Ye Ji stood beside Jiang Hao and positioned herself in a corner.
The old, white-haired man and the man with a goatee entered. They looked at Ye Ji.
“Young woman, I advise you not to make any sudden moves. I’ll keep an eye on you. Don’t even think about escaping.”
Ye Ji didn’t say a word and just stood with her head down.
The two men looked at the pearl. They were astonished. They didn’t know what exactly it was but could feel its power. There were many formations around it.
“The formations are weakening. It will take some time to break through, ” the old man with a goatee said.
Jiang Hao wasn’t in a hurry. He would wait for them to break through the formations before he set his plan into motion.
“You two come here and try to break this formation,” said the old man with a goatee after investigating the formations around the pearl.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything, and Ye Ji still had a role to play. Someone had to try to take down the red pearl.
It was safer to let someone else take the pearl down.
Jiang Hao and Ye Ji remained quiet and walked to the formation on the left.
“Junior Brother Jiang, did you get injured on your way here?” Ye Ji asked as she broke the formation.
She looked calm.
“Just a minor injury,” Jiang Hao said.
“When you came here, were you able to avoid the demons on the path?” she asked.
It was common knowledge that Jiang Hao was very perceptive in detecting the presence of demons.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He had avoided most demons. He had only killed the Golden Core demons and Primordial Spirit demons. After he had killed the small demon, Jiang Hao had left the rest alone.
“Junior Brother Jiang, what kind of spiritual techniques do you cultivate? It’s so powerful,” said Ye Ji and then sighed. “We might not make it out alive.”
‘So… you are after my spiritual technique?’ Jiang Hao could guess her intentions.
“It was taught to me by a senior sister, but it can only be taught orally,” he whispered.
“Which senior sister?” Ye Ji asked. She looked doubtful.
“Senior Sister Hong,” Jiang Hao said.
After that, Ye Ji was silent. She broke the formation and glanced at the old man on the other side.
When the formation on the old man’s side began to shake, she said to Jiang Hao, “Junior Brother Jiang, come and take a look at this formation.” Jiang Hao walked over to her. “What’s wrong?”
He touched the formation. It was a simple defensive formation.
“Just move forward a little, and you’ll see,” Ye Ji urged.
At this moment, they were on the stone platform, with the abyss just at the edge.
Jiang Hao took a step forward. Ye Ji stood behind Jiang Hao and slid a ring down her hand.
In an instant, everything was enveloped by the mist.
Ye Ji struck out with her palm toward Jiang Hao. If he went flying down, his scream would attract the two men.
Then, she could run toward the entrance and escape. She would then press the switch and trap them here. That was her plan.
It was better than waiting for death.
She had considered everything, but she hadn’t expected the person in front of her to cause trouble.
Her palm strike had missed, and Jiang Hao was nowhere to be seen. “How is this possible?!”
She was shocked. Ye Ji had used her Golden Core Realm aura to suppress Jiang Hao just to prevent this sort of accident.
“I’ll push you lightly. It’s only far after what you planned for me,” said a voice behind her.
Ye Ji felt a tremendous force pushing back against her.
In an instant, she went flying. She was suspended over the abyss and felt a strong suction force pulling her in.
She turned and looked at Jiang Hao on the stone platform.
Ye Ji couldn’t believe it. ‘How?!’
She couldn’t understand how Jiang Hao had been able to dodge her attack. She didn’t understand what kind of force he had used to push her down.
‘Did my charm spells even work on him?’
She struggled as she fell but the force pulling her was too strong.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you are killing another disciple. Aren’t you afraid of being investigated by the Law Enforcement Hall?!” shouted Ye Ji in fear..