Chapter 191: Nothing But Ants Under the Primordial Heavenly Blade
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Ye Ji fell into the endless abyss. Jiang Hao watched her fall.
He didn’t manage to get her storage treasure. The fog hadn’t dissipated, but the old, white-haired man appeared by his side.
“Did you push your senior sister down?” He sounded surprised.
Jiang Hao turned to look at the old, white-haired man and briefly considered whether to push him down as well. He brushed off the idea. It wasn’t the right time.
He still needed the two men to break the formations. If brute force didn’t work, he would have to give up on the Misfortune Pearl. He felt a little regretful thinking about it.
“I was just protecting myself,” he said softly.
“I didn’t expect that you could beat a Golden Core Realm cultivator. Although she was seriously injured, I doubt she would have fallen at your hands,” said the old, white-haired man in confusion.
The mist finally dispersed. This mist could hinder perception and vision. So, it might have been a special treasure that must have helped Jiang Hao.
The old, white-haired man hadn’t been able to see what was going on between Jiang Hao and Ye Ji. He had thought Jiang Hao was in danger and had approached to help.
He never expected to find Jiang Hao unharmed while facing someone in the Golden Core Realm.
“You really think I might not have any hidden cards up my sleeve?” asked Jiang Hao as he looked at the old, white-haired man.
“I do have that feeling now… I won’t underestimate you. But you better be careful. For now, we can only let you go up and get that… thing. However, before you do, tell us what Yan Hua told you,” said the old, white-haired man.
“You’ll have to pray for more luck,” said Jiang Hao.
The old, white-haired man returned to the other side and continued to break the formations. This time, he was more cautious.
“Be cautious of Jiang Hao. He definitely hides some secrets,” he whispered to his companion.
The old man with a goatee smiled. “You’re at the early stage of the Primordial
Spirit Realm, while he is only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Even if he has secrets, is it worth being cautious about? If you’re worried, just cripple him. No need to be so worried.”
“Not yet,” whispered the old, white-haired man. ‘When he makes a move, don’t give him time to react. One powerful strike is enough to injure him and avoid complications. ”
The old man with a goatee was astonished. Was it really necessary to be so cautious? Wasn’t it better to attack when Jiang Hao was relaxed? Why did they have to reduce themselves to being so calculative and cautious against someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?
However, he didn’t argue. He just nodded. “Whatever… I don’t mind.”
They were going to make a move one way or another. So, it didn’t matter when they did it.
Jiang Hao continued to break the formations using brute force. He wondered if he had to break them completely before going up.
He observed his surroundings and noticed that the formations were connected like a chain. The latter parts were easier to break once the earlier parts were broken through. The formations were stronger when they were attached to the others.
Upon careful observation, he found that the formations were preventing the power of the Misfortune Pearl from overflowing.
Will bad luck affect everyone once the formations are broken?’ wondered Jiang Hao. ‘I wonder if the Hong Meng Heart Sutra will be enough to resist it…’
Being plagued by misfortune was terrible. Jiang Hao decided to leave immediately if he sensed something. He didn’t care if the two men noticed anything.
After a long time, Jiang Hao felt that the longer he stayed, the greater the influence of the red light would be.
Fortunately, he had the protection of the Hong Meng Heart Sutra. Otherwise, he would have been affected a lot by the Misfortune Pearl.
As for the two from the Heavenly Saint Sect, they had already been affected, but they were still unaware.
If they were outside, they might notice something, but breaking the formation was like inhaling poison with every breath. It was hard to detect, but they were already being poisoned.
Jiang Hao remained silent and thought about the most opportune moment to launch an attack.
‘If they are on guard against me, would they try to attack me? If so, when would be the best time?’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘Should I attack when all the formations are broken? No… By then everyone would know about the imminent danger.’
A thought crossed his mind. He activated the Hong Meng Sutra.
He raised the Primordial Heavenly Blade and appeared behind the old, white-haired man. Jiang Hao slashed at him.
He used the Moon-Slaying technique.
Although it was unlikely that a Primordial Spirit Realm expert would make any sudden attacks, Jiang Hao didn’t want to take a chance.
It was better to initiate the attack than wait to be ambushed.
Meanwhile, the old, white-haired man was stunned by Jiang Hao’s sudden attack. The immense power emanating from Jiang Hao was definitely stronger than his.
‘Is he a Primordial Spirit Realm expert?’ wondered the old, white-haired man. It was no wonder Jiang Hao had seemed too calm.
The old, white-haired man immediately used his magic treasure, the Vajra Staff, to counter Jiang Hao’s sudden strike.
Clang!
The Primordial Heavenly Blade clashed against the Vajra Staff. The staff couldn’t take the impact and shattered.
The blade descended on the old, white-haired man.
The old, white-haired man roared as a powerful force erupted from his body.
However, Jiang Hao’s sharp blade slashed through everything and left a deep cut on the old man’s body.
With a loud bang, the old, white-haired man was sent flying.
At this moment, the old man with a goatee finally reacted and intervened just when Jiang Hao was going to make his final move.
Glancing at the old man, Jiang Hao kicked. Purple energy gathered at his foot and shot out.
Bang!
The kick landed heavily on the old man’s chest, causing him to retreat several steps.
Without hesitation, Jiang Hao executed the Light and Dust technique and caught up with the old, white-haired man.
“You want to kill me? You think it’s that easy?”
The old, white-haired man steadied himself and roared. A surge of power enveloped his body and madness gleamed in his eyes.
He burned away his life force and used everything to avoid being killed by Jiang
Hao.
Boom!
The old, white-haired man’s power erupted with ferocity. The power condensed into a monster that charged at Jiang Hao.
“Die!”
Jiang Hao activated the Reappearance of Hidden Spirit ability. He lifted his blade and a mighty power surged forth.
He used the second form of the Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
The pressure of a hundred thousand forces materialized, and the invisible blade pressed down and collided with the ferocious beast.
Boom!
The blade shattered everything and reduced the beast to pieces of meat.
Rumble!
The giant beast crumbled and disintegrated. Finally, the figure of the old, white-haired man reappeared. He was suppressed by the Mountain Suppression.
Crash!
Jiang Hao slashed again. The old, white-haired man’s life force shattered. His body disintegrated.
Without hesitation, Jiang Hao moved in again as she prepared to slash one more time.
However, the old man with a goatee rushed toward him. Jiang Hao had no choice but to use the remaining power of the Moon-Slaying in his left wrist to force him back.
Only then did he approach the old, white-haired man and struck him with his blade.
The blade pierced through his body.
‘You…”
The old, white-haired man gazed at Jiang Hao, unwilling to accept his impending death. Then, he was sent flying into the abyss.
Jiang Hao glanced at the abyss and retreated to the stone platform. He then turned to the old man with a goatee who was trembling in rage.
“Surprised?”