Chapter 192: Angered to Death
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The old man with a goatee stood on the stone platform as he clutched at his injured arm. He stared at Jiang Hao icily.
He was shocked. The young man in front of him had easily destroyed all his defenses. His strength was far beyond someone at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, but he realized that Jiang Hao was actually still at the early stage.
Jiang Hao had managed to injure him with just a casual strike. They were supposed to be at the same level. The old, white-haired man had burned all his life force, yet he wasn’t even a match for Jiang Hao.
“Aren’t you Jiang Hao?” he asked in confusion.
“I am,” said Jiang Hao calmly.
“According to our investigation, Jiang Hao is twenty-three years old. Are you telling me you are of that age?”
It was impossible for someone so young to have reached the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao ignored the question. “Tell me why you are here.”
The people from the Heavenly Saint Sect were troublesome, and gaining some understanding of their intentions would be helpful for the future.
“We came to find you.” the old man with a goatee sneered. “Did Yan Hua tell you about the secret of the mines?”
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head. “How many spies does the Heavenly Saint Sect have in the Heavenly Note Sect?”
“I know of three,” the old man with a goatee said. “What did Yan Hua tell you?”
“I told you. She didn’t tell me anything. She just thought I was interesting and wanted to kill me, ” said Jiang Hao. “What’s the deal with the Heavenly Saint Sect’s Saintess ?”
“Yan Hua wanted to kill you?” The old man with a goatee was momentarily stunned. “So… did you kill Yan Hua? Did you deceive everyone in the Heavenly Saint Sect?”
“The Saintess candidate is chosen by several elders. It’s a special status. Even the elders don’t know the real identity of the Saintesses.”
The old man with a goatee sneered. “Why should I tell you?”
“Do you want to continue breaking the formations?” Jiang Hao remained indifferent.
“Breaking the formation?” The old man with a goatee laughed. “So… you left us alive so that we would help you break the formations? You are really a mantis trying to catch the cicadas, aren’t you? We thought we were using you, but we underestimated you.”
Jiang Hao calmly looked at the old man. He didn’t say anything. The old man wasn’t wrong.
As for the information regarding the Heavenly Saint Sect’s Saintess candidates, Jiang Hao was surprised. So, the Saintesses didn’t know each other at all. This meant that Ming Yi and Miao Tinglian might not have known each other despite being from the same sect.
“You killed my brother and want me to help you with the formations?” said the man with a goatee. “Are you kidding me?”
He threw a round-shaped treasure at Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao was surprised. Were the people of the Heavenly Saint Sect really loyal to each other?
The power of the treasure was potent, but Jiang Hao swung his saber and cleaved it in half. By that time, the man with the goatee had already jumped into the abyss.
He grinned maniacally. “You should know how dangerous the abyss is, right? Are you bold enough to follow me? I might survive. If I do, I’ll come after you for revenge!”
At this point, the old man with a goatee had already fallen.
Jiang Hao couldn’t confirm whether he was dead or not. He put away his sword and raised his left hand with his palm facing upward.
“Universe in A Palm,” he uttered.
The ability was activated. Purple energy swirled from his hand and wrapped around the old man with a goatee.
“What is this?!” The old man with a goatee wanted to resist, but he was unable to fight the power.
He was completely covered by the purple spiritual energy. Jiang Hao retracted the purple energy, and the old man appeared in his palm.
The old man with a goatee inside the purple sphere looked at Jiang Hao in astonishment.
“Surprised?” Jiang Hao asked.
The old man frantically attacked the walls of the purple sphere. It seemed like he wanted to escape. However, his strength was insufficient to break through.
Jiang Hao didn’t delay. He used the first form of the Heavenly Blade. His fingers became the blade.
Jiang Hao slashed toward the man on his palm. The old man was severely wounded. When he was on the verge of death, Jiang Hao cast him out.
The old man fell to the ground. He was human-sized now.
“It’s a pity that you won’t last long enough to fall into the abyss,” said Jiang
Hao.
“You…” The old man with a goatee was so angry that he couldn’t even speak.
“Try not to make me an enemy in your next life,” said Jiang Hao.
He used his saber and ended the man’s life. He struck him twice more to make sure he was really dead.
He fished for the dead man’s storage treasure and threw the corpse into the abyss.
Jiang Hao then shifted his gaze to the Misfortune Pearl.
“It seems I have to break the formation myself. I wonder how much time it will take,” he muttered.
The great battle outside should be over in a few days. The place was likely to be discovered by then. It would be better to leave as soon as possible.
Jiang Hao looked at the storage treasure. What he cared about the most were spirit stones.
He was surprised to find that the storage treasure had around twelve thousand spirit stones. ‘So many…’
The ones in the Primordial Spirit Realm were wealthier than the Golden Core Realm cultivators.
However, Jiang Hao only had a thousand spirit stones on himself, and that was mostly because he had looted that from the others he had subdued or killed.
His only advantage was that he didn’t need to spend spirit stones on his cultivation.
“It seems that one’s wealth or poverty cannot be completely measured by their cultivation level.’
He didn’t regret that he hadn’t been able to obtain the other man’s storage treasure. At least, he hadn’t ended up dead..