Chapter 193: Jiang Hao is Dead?!
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao looked at the other items in the storage treasure. He didn’t find anything valuable. It seemed that all the good things had been used.
“Is it because they felt hopeless about advancing, or did they just happen to use them all up?”
Jiang Hao didn’t know for sure. He did find a book on cultivation technique called the Heavenly Saint Life Technique.
“Is this the cultivation technique of the Heavenly Saint Sect?”
Jiang Hao took a brief look and confirmed that it was indeed the cultivation technique of the Heavenly Saint Sect.
It contained information on both the cultivation technique and spiritual technique.
“The Heavenly Saint Spiritual technique? I wonder how it compares to the Great Thousand Spiritual technique in terms of power…”
“According to the description, some aspects focus on external forms. Overall, it’s not much different from the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note technique. But with the addition of a spiritual technique, this should be stronger. ”
Jiang Hao put away the items. He couldn’t cultivate this technique because he was already cultivating something else.
However, it might fetch a good price if he sold it.
After putting away the items, Jiang Hao planned to break the formations with brute force.
He raised his saber and attacked the formations while his ability was still active.
Around noon the next day, Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. The formations were finally broken. It was much more difficult than he had expected.
If the two Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators had been present, the formations could have been broken last night.
There was still one last defense before he could reach the Misfortune Pearl. Once it was broken, the power of misfortune would overflow. He had no idea how it would affect him.
After a moment of silence, Jiang Hao allowed the purple energy to envelop his entire body before he struck the last blow.
Crack!
The Primordial Heavenly Blade shattered the defense like glass.
In the next instant, the Misfortune Pearl emitted a bright red light. The aura swept through the surroundings like waves.
However, in front of the Primordial heavenly Blade, the power of misfortune didn’t hold
Jiang Hao used the power of the purple spiritual energy to suppress the bursting power of misfortune.
The Misfortune Pearl was suppressed by the purple energy. At that time, Jiang Hao used the Universe in a Palm ability to seal the Misfortune Pearl in a sphere in his palm. Jiang Hao used all his power to seal the pearl in front of him.
Fortunately, the Misfortune Pearl had no owner, so it didn’t resist Jiang Hao’s might.
The purple spiritual energy enveloped and sealed the entire Misfortune Pearl. It suspended a little above his palm without touching his skin.
Jiang Hao didn’t dare to touch it. He didn’t undo the seal he had placed. After confirming that he was safe, he observed his surroundings.
The Misfortune Pearl was sealed, and the power of misfortune was no longer overflowing.
‘It seems the sealing technique is quite effective.’
Jiang Hao looked at the Misfortune Pearl, which now looked like a purple bead. The crimson inside was only visible if one inspected it very closely.
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal on the pearl.
[Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl: Magical treasure of providence. Currently sealed by the Universe in a Palm ability. It will automatically break free from the seal after fifteen days. If not suppressed, it will gradually release the aura of misfortune, causing devastation all around. In its sealed state, the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl can suppress curses.]
‘Fifteen days?’
Jiang Hao fell silent. He sat down and began to refine his cultivation. He wasn’t in a hurry to leave, and he still needed to confirm something.
During the night, he had already recovered his strength fully, but he kept his eyes closed and focused on refining his cultivation.
The next morning, he opened his eyes and activated the Reappearance of Hidden Spirit. He once again used the Universe in a Palm ability to cover the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl with purple energy. He sealed it once more.
Jiang Hao then appraised it once again. He wanted to know if the sealing effects could be stacked one after the other.
If that was possible, he would take the pearl with him. If not, he would just give up and leave it here. Fifteen days wasn’t long. No one knew what kind of devastation the pearl might cause after that.
[Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl: Magical treasure of providence. Currently sealed by the Universe in a Palm ability. It will automatically break free from the seal after twenty-nine days. If not suppressed, it will gradually release the aura of misfortune, causing devastation all around. In its sealed state, the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl can suppress curses.]
‘It seems that the sealing can be stacked… but I don’t know how many times it can be done.’
Jiang Hao didn’t stay back this time. It was time to leave. Since the sealing effect could be stacked, there was no need to worry.
He could just gather his strength and seal it every day. If he ever needed to use it, he could just break the seal. However, the pearl was too terrifying to use. He hoped he never had to use it.
Jiang Hao was curious why a person would make such a treasure. Its function was to exterminate everything living.
‘In a sealed state, it can suppress curses, so it’s still useful…’
Jiang Hao left the ruin after that. He was in a hurry to get out.
After a while, he finally saw the exit. He heaved a sigh of relief as he stepped out. That heavy feeling disappeared.
The feeling of heaviness in the ruin was because of the Misfortune Pearl.
‘I need to make sure if the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl would be the same outside. If it is more active outside, then the seal might break faster…’
Jiang Hao headed toward the defense line. He glanced in the direction of the core of Devil’s Den. The radiant light was still there, but it had weakened significantly.
It seemed whatever he had done had worked. Now, he only needed to do some final clean-up after heading back. At most, it would delay him for another month or two.
At the defense line, Zheng Shijiu sat by the tree. He had suffered many injuries. Fortunately, they could rest a bit.
After several days of effort, the defense line was back to normal. They were taking a break to recover their strength. After that, they needed to clean up the remaining demons. At least, there would be more reinforcements coming soon.
“It seems like the matter will be over within a month or two.” Zheng Shijiu sighed.
“So many days have passed. If Senior Sister Ye Ji and the group were successful, shouldn’t they be back by now?” said Yue You.
“Perhaps they will be back in a few more days.” Xin Yuyue had suffered severe injuries too. She stayed with Zheng Shijiu and Yue You because it felt a lot safer to be with them.
“If they return… Junior Brother Jiang will be among them, right?” asked Yue You.
Zheng Shijiu and Xin Yuyue fell silent. They nodded slowly.
“How can you be sure?” Yue You didn’t understand how they had so much faith in Jiang Hao.
“It’s just a gut feeling,” Zheng Shijiu said.
They waited for three days. They saw someone returning, but it wasn’t Jiang Hao. They were the other two Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators.
They were both heavily injured and had barely managed to escape. They briefly explained how they had stayed back to hold off the demons while Ye Ji and the others fought.
After listening for a while, Zheng Shijiu asked about Jiang Hao’s situation.
However, they told him that Jiang Hao had died very early on their journey.
As a late Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, he was the weakest and the first to fall behind.
‘Dead?’
Zheng Shijiu found it hard to believe.
Yue You sighed. Jiang Hao was a good person, and they had worked together several times before. It was disappointing to hear that he might be dead..