Chapter 195: Stirring Up Trouble Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The group waited outside the ruin for a long time.
In the end, Jin Long led some people and entered the ruin, while a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator was left outside to supervise the one who remained outside.
However, there were many Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, so not all people accepted the one in charge.
Jiang Hao didn’t care about it.
The Demon’s Lair that the small demon had tried to lead him to was still far away. It was on the other side. So, there was no need to worry.
If they did come across the lair, Jiang Hao would be in trouble. He couldn’t reveal his cultivation in front of everyone while fighting.
He had confirmed one thing in these many days. He had destroyed the stone that controlled the demons.
“Senior Brother Zheng, have you heard of this place?” Xin Yuyue asked.
“I have never heard of it.” Zheng Shijiu shook his head. “I have read many records about the Demon’s Lair, but none of them mentioned any strange ruins. However, many places record that the Demon’s Lair has many treasures, and anything could happen there.”
Everyone knew that there were opportunities in the Demon’s Lair. Almost everything could be found there. Spirit herbs, special treasures, etc.
Jiang Hao had also encountered some spirit herbs in the past few days. Although they weren’t of top quality, they would be worth a thousand spirit herbs after maturity.
However, it would take a long time for the herbs to mature. They died easily after being transplanted somewhere else. In the end, he gave up.
The only regret was that he couldn’t find many bubbles. He only found a few bubbles along the way.
Everything had returned to square one. He had to rely on his luck to accumulate cultivation and lifeblood, like before.
“I wonder what’s inside.” Yue You looked at the ruin with great curiosity.
“It’s probably dangerous,” Jiang Hao said.
He looked to the side. “Somebody’s coming.”
Many people already knew that he was very perceptive, so he didn’t hide it. Sure enough, a group of people approached them.
Jiang Hao recognized Ning Xuan. She was from the Cliff of Broken Hearts, too. She was in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
The fact that they had appeared here meant that the two cases had a connection. The people in Jiang Hao’s group were nervous to see them.
Ning Xuan announced her name. “Who’s in charge here? Come forward and explain what’s happening here.”
The disciple in the Foundation Establishment Realm, who was left in charge, stepped forward fearfully.
“Now it’s getting lively,” said Zheng Shijiu. “But we should be safe now.”
“Did you go in?” Ning Xuan frowned, then instructed several Golden Core Realm experts to examine the ruin.
“If anyone comes out with something red in their hands, kill them on the spot.”
Zheng Shijiu and the others were shocked to hear this. They had no idea why the senior would give such an order.
Jiang Hao frowned. Ning Xuan knew about the pearl. He was puzzled. If she knew about the pearl, why wasn’t it destroyed before everyone gathered here?
‘Could it be that the ruin suddenly surfaced here out of nowhere? Maybe it wasn’t here before…’
Jiang Hao wondered if that was the case. As for the ruins appearing suddenly, it must have been the work of demons.
The ruin might have been suppressed when the seniors suppressed the core before. If that were true, there might be other ruins in the Demon’s Lair!
The Golden Core Realm seniors evacuated the surroundings.
Many people noticed that Ning Xuan was being too cautious when it came to the entrance of the ruin. She treated it like a dangerous enemy.
“What could make Senior Sister Ning Xuan so nervous? She’s in the Primordial Spirit Realm,” said Zheng Shijiu in confusion.
Jiang Hao shook his head. He knew what was making her nervous, but she didn’t dare say it out loud. If he was discovered carrying the pearl with him, he didn’t know what she would do to him.
Everyone stared at the entrance of the ruin as night fell. The sound of footsteps could be heard on the stairs inside.
Everyone was nervous.
Ning Xuan’s eyes flickered. Her razor-sharp gaze was focused on the entrance of the ruin.
“Whoever is inside, stop right now. Don’t take a step forward! One of you can walk slowly to the entrance. Don’t make any sudden moves, or you’ll be killed.”
“Are you insane? It’s me, Jin Long! ” shouted Jin Long. He neither stopped nor slowed his pace of walking.
“I said stop!” Ning Xuan’s voice was icy.
Boom!
In an instant, the aura of the Primordial Spirit Realm swept in all directions. Bang!
The powerful force injured those inside. Frightened cries and pained screams rang out.
“Crawl out of there one by one. Slowly… Anyone who doesn’t cooperate will be considered a traitor and will be killed on the spot,” said Ning Xuan.
Jin Long was stunned. He obeyed and crawled up to the entrance. He froze when he saw the Primordial Spirit Realm seniors at the entrance.
“What did you find inside? Did you see anything?” Ning Xuan asked.
“We only saw a floating stone platform and a path, as well as several corpses. We didn’t find anything else, ” Jin Long said.
“Did you see any red light?” Ning Xuan asked.
“No.” Jin Long quickly shook his head.
“Did you search every place thoroughly?” Ning Xuan asked.
“We searched everything we saw. We don’t know if there were any hidden places,” said Jin Long truthfully. He had searched every nook and cranny. He hadn’t found any treasures. He didn’t even see Ye Ji anywhere.
“Take out everything in your storage treasure and show me. Leave nothing behind,” said Ning Xuan.
Jin Long was unwilling to do it, but he didn’t refuse. He was afraid that he might really be killed.
Soon, everyone was inspected. No red light or treasures were anywhere to be found.
Ning Xuan heaved a sigh of relief.
It would have been convenient to kill them instead. However, they needed to make sure they had the treasure. Otherwise, killing disciples for no reason would get them into trouble with the sect.
Ning Xuan had no idea what was inside either. She simply followed the orders she was given. It was a relief that nothing was found. If there had been something, none of them would have survived.
According to the map they had received, this area should have been a meadow, not a ruin. The order she received was to investigate the place. She was told to wait for further instructions if the place happened to be guarded.
No one was allowed to enter. If they tried to disobey, they would be thoroughly investigated. The orders had mentioned that if they saw red energy or light, it would cause devastation and no one would survive.
When Ning Xuan reached the place and saw a crowd, she realized that nothing good would come out of it. Fortunately, there had been no issues so far.
“Seize them and wait for the Law Enforcement Hall to conduct an investigation,” said Ning Xuan.
She couldn’t make any decisions for now, so she had no choice but to wait.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. The situation was unexpected. Fortunately, no one had intended to go further in to investigate.
He wondered if the people from the Law Enforcement Hall would go crazy and search everyone’s storage treasures.
Jiang Hao thought they might not really do that because they hadn’t checked his storage treasure last time when they had come to take him into custody. Only the person in charge had searched him later.
However, if the higher-ups of the sect knew about the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, who knew what they would do?
If the pearl appeared anywhere near the sect, the whole sect might be doomed. Jiang Hao remained calm and waited patiently for the arrival of the people from the Law Enforcement Hall..