Chapter 196: The Arrival of the Law Enforcement Hall
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao and the others rested a little further away from the ruin while being guarded by the Golden Core Realm cultivators. The seniors seemed wary of them.
‘Senior Brother Jin Long is very wealthy. He had about ten thousand spirit stones! Now that I think about it, Senior Sister Ye Jits storage treasure might have a considerable number of spirit stones. What a pity!’ thought Jiang Hao.
“The people from the Law Enforcement Hall have arrived. It seems that the situation here is very serious,” said Zheng Shijiu as he looked around. “It seems like we’re being treated as suspects for some reason.”
“Hmm…” Jiang Hao nodded.
They were indeed treated as suspects. Logically, they hadn’t done anything to warrant this. As long as they didn’t do anything to go against the sect, they should be fine.
Jiang Hao still had the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl with him. If they searched him, they would find it very easily.
Two days later, Jiang Hao and the others received news that over ninety percent of the demons in the Devil’s Den had been eliminated. The defense could be lifted, and they could return to report.
As long as the demons didn’t head toward the outskirts, there was no need to worry. The core beam of light remained stable.
The Heavenly Note Sect had achieved a complete victory with minimal losses.
Two more days passed, and Jiang Hao saw the ruin move.
“The ruin is descending,” Zheng Shijiu said.
Yue You and Xin Yuyue were also astonished.
Jin Long and the others, who had entered the ruin, turned pale in fear. If they hadn’t made it out in time, they would have been buried with the ruin.
It wasn’t just Jin Long. Jiang Hao also felt a chill run down his spine.
If he had stayed in longer, he would have been buried. The only way would have been to use the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman to escape. If that failed, he would’ve had to rely on Hong Yuye.
The ruins gradually sank into the ground before everyone’s eyes. There were no more ruins or any other structures in the vicinity. There was only vast grassland.
They were all shocked to see it. Jiang Hao stared at the new grassland. He wasn’t able to sense anything. If he couldn’t sense it, it must be harder for others.
He looked in the direction of the core of the Devil’s Den and wondered what made this place so mysterious.
According to Hong Yuye, there was some kind of inheritance there that made everything feel magical and surreal.
What kind of inheritance could cause such a phenomenon?
Jiang Hao shook his head and brushed his thoughts aside. No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t figure anything out.
Taking a deep breath, Jiang Hao sat on the ground and closed his eyes to rest.
The next day, there was a commotion. The people from the Law Enforcement Hall had arrived.
“Senior Sister Ning Xuan, you’ve worked hard. You can hand these people over to us now,” said a familiar voice.
‘Liu Xingchen?’ Jiang Hao tried to see if it was really him.
It was indeed Liu Xingchen standing beside Ning Xuan.
From Jiang Hao’s perspective, there wasn’t much change in Liu Xingchen’s aura. It meant that the two who took over his body hadn’t made any moves. soon, LIU xmgcnen Degan to Investigate Jin Long ana tne otners. Insteaa or physically searching them, he used a treasure.
It was a mirror that covered Jin Long and the others. It searched their souls and traced their previous actions.
‘The Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror…’ Jiang Hao stared at the mirror, somewhat surprised.
He had heard Liu Xingchen mention this treasure before, but he didn’t think it was something an ordinary cultivator could use. Technically, Liu Xingchen shouldn’t have the qualifications to use it.
Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal ability on the mirror.
[Pseudo-Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror: A treasure created by imitating the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror. It is infused with a trace of the aura of the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror. It can trace simple cause and effect and is frequently used by the Law Enforcement Hall of the Heavenly Note Sect for investigations.]
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn’t the actual Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror. Normal investigation methods wouldn’t be able to expose him. The fact that the Law Enforcement Hall hadn’t found any evidence after several attempts could prove that.
So far, the only thing that could threaten him was the real Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror.
“No problem with these people,” declared Liu Xingchen.
Jin Long and the others heaved a sigh of relief, as did Ning Xuan.
“But…”
The people gathered there were nervous once more.
“But this is not enough. We need to understand more about what happened.
so…’
Liu Xingchen stared at Jin Long. “Junior Brother Jin and the others who went in need to come with us for further investigation. As for others, we will do a simple investigation to make sure everything is okay.”
The other members of the Law Enforcement Hall took out a bowl of water. Many water droplets there surged with spiritual energy.
“Everyone, please reach out and cup a bit of water in your palm.”
Jiang Hao and the others did as they were instructed.
He realized that this was a method to test if any of them had been tainted by misfortune. He didn’t need to worry.
However, the person next to him wasn’t as lucky. The water in his hand glowed with a dark light.
This frightened everyone, including the members of the Law Enforcement Hall and Ning Xuan.
Jiang Hao could only sigh at the other person’s misfortune. They might just be unlucky, or they might actually possess a treasure tainted with misfortune.
“Don’t worry. It’s just a trace of black light. It’s probably just a coincidence that they have something similar. Let’s take them back for further investigation,” Liu Xingchen said calmly.
After that, nothing eventful happened.
After the members of the Law Enforcement Hall left, Jiang Hao and the others received orders from the sect. The mission was over, and they could return to the sect.
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Their journey was finally at an end after three whole months!
However, people were curious about where Ye Ji and the others had disappeared. They hadn’t found any more corpses. Could she have disappeared in the ruin?
A few days later, Jiang Hao and the others left the Devil’s Den.
“Well, let’s part ways here. I hope we can meet again on the next mission,” Zheng Shijiu said with sincerity at the entrance of the Devil’s Den.
Xin Yuyue echoed his sentiments.
Jiang Hao nodded.
These people didn’t really pose a threat to him. They were as cautious as he was.
Yue You nodded too. She had cooperated with them throughout, but she had her doubts.
Yue You returned to the Flowing Waterfall. This particular mission had been very dangerous. Fortunately, someone had destroyed the source that controlled the demons. Zheng Shijiu and Xin Yuyue thought that it was Jiang
Hao.
However, the rest of the people believed that it was Ye Ji who had done that before she disappeared.
“Junior Sister Yue, you’re back!” said a woman in a blue dress.
“Senior Sister Cheng, it is very nice to meet you here.”
Cheng Ran who was about to ascend to the Primordial Spirit Realm, was a True Disciple of the Flowing Waterfall.
“I heard that all of you returned safely,” said Cheng Ran. “I also heard that it was all thanks to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“The Cliff of Broken Hearts?” Yue You suddenly thought of Jiang Hao.
She felt puzzled. Did her senior sister also think that Jiang Hao had saved them all?
She brushed her thoughts aside. She was probably thinking way too hard about this.
“Yes. There was a source that was controlling the demons. Senior Sister Ning Xuan of the Cliff of Broken Hearts made the final contribution and destroyed the source,” said Cheng Ran. “But… I also heard that Ning Xuan received the credit, but the work was done by someone else. A mysterious person destroyed the source before they reached there..”