Chapter 198: Finding Someone To Lean On
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The grass swayed gently in the wind.
Lin Zhi struggled to get up. He was trembling. Everything hurt when he tried to move. Bruises were evident in the corner of his mouth. He looked disheveled and ragged.
He lowered his head, not daring to look up. He was afraid of attracting attention.
At this moment, only Jiang Hao was looking at him. He got feedback from the ability.
[Lin Zhi: At the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. Outer disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect. During his childhood, he had a chance encounter with the ancient master, Gu Ming, who was nearing the end of his life. As a small act of kindness, Gu Ming let go of the resentment he held towards his imminent demise. Whether it was gratitude or some fated connection, he bestowed the precious Star Bright Moon Pearl of the Bright Moon Sect, which merged with Lin Zhi’s soul. His cultivation progress has been slow as the Star Bright Moon Pearl absorbs spiritual energy. When enough spiritual energy is accumulated, it will be fed back to Lin Zhi which will help him ascend to the Foundation Establishment Realm in a single stride. It is suitable for him to practice the Star, Sun, and Moon techniques.]
‘So… that’s what it is,’ thought Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao was truly intertwined with the Bright Moon Sect. First, Chu Chuan, and now, Lin Zhi. Both were somehow related to that sect.
‘What would others do if they discovered this secret?’ Jiang Hao thought. Lin Zhi would definitely be killed for the treasure inside his soul.
Jiang Hao had no interest in that treasure. Even if he did, he couldn’t kill the young boy. He had recruited him here, after all. He couldn’t kill a child in cold blood.
“Are you okay?” asked Jiang Hao.
Lin Zhi lowered his head. “I… I didn’t steal anything.”
“I know,” said Jiang Hao gently. “The people who were beating you up know that too. They were just making an excuse to attack you and take your spirit stones. It isn’t as common in the sect, but things like these have always happened. ”
Lin Zhi clenched his fist. He then let it go. He seemed resigned to his fate.
Jiang Hao noticed it. “You have two friends who have exceptional talent. The first thing you need to understand and accept is the gap between you and them. You need to know where they stand and where you stand. After that, you need to decide how you want to act.”
Lin Zhi looked at Jiang Hao in confusion.
“Whether you like it or not, this place is the demonic sect. Most disciples here are just waiting for their time to strike you down. What you need to do is not save the spirit stones, but use them to become stronger as soon as possible. Your path will be much more difficult than others.”
Bearing the treasure also meant bearing huge consequences. If Lin Zhi advanced too fast, it would attract other people’s attention. The physical and mental strain was very draining. If he succeeded, he would rise to the top and face new problems. If he failed, he would remain at the bottom, getting beaten up.
“Do you have any difficulties in your cultivation?” asked Jiang Hao as they walked back.
“I’m accumulating spiritual energy, but I’m having some trouble with the cultivation technique,” said Lin Zhi truthfully. He knew Jiang Hao would advise him if he had a problem.
“The Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note technique is related to sound. When you cultivate, you will feel your meridians vibrate slightly. Listen to that and follow it. It will help you cultivate faster.”
Jiang Hao explained and advised Lin Zhi a lot on the way back. He didn’t tell the boy about the Star Bright Moon Pearl in his soul. He couldn’t understand why the ancient master, Gu Ming, had taken an interest in Lin Zhi.
‘Average talent, average temperament, average perseverance… he is average in all aspects. How was such a person worthy of such a treasure? It would only harm him in the long run..
Jiang Hao watched as Lin Zhi returned to his residence. He concealed himself and stood at a distance.
Regardless of how ordinary Lin Zhi seemed, he was still the owner of the treasure. The future was uncertain, but his current situation was dire.
The other disciples might target him and make his life hell. He would eventually feel the pressure of lagging behind his two best friends.
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment. He then walked to the window to look inside. But what he saw surprised him.
In the corner of the room, Lin Zhi sat cross-legged on the ground and wiped his tears away. The tears flowed down his face nonstop.
Only then did Jiang Hao realize that Lin Zhi was just ten years old. He was just a child. He was beaten and robbed, with no one to look after him.
Jiang Hao sighed sadly as he watched Lin Zhi try to stop himself from sobbing aloud and fiercely wipe away his tears.
After a long while, Lin Zhi dried his tears. He then took out a small box from the drawer on the side table and put the protective talisman inside it.
He gently touched it. His eyes welled up with tears. However, before the tears could fall, he closed the box and took it outside the room.
At the back of the house, he dug a hole and dropped the box in it. He buried the box.
From now on, nothing would scare him. He had nothing to lose.
Jiang Hao remained silent. ‘I misjudged him a bit.’
He smiled softly and left. Lin Zhi was stronger than he had given him credit for.
It wasnt much, but it was a beginning.
Jiang Hao was now aware of Lin Zhi’s situation and had a cultivation technique that was a perfect match. But he wouldn’t intervene, at least not for a while.
He needed to observe Lin Zhi a bit more.
On the way back, Jiang Hao saw someone attacking another disciple. Bang!
A young girl punched a boy. He fell onto a pile of dirt. Blood stained the surroundings.
“It seems like you beat him to death,” said the spirit beast. “Pity I can’t eat humans. ”
“Junior Sister Xiao Li, why did you suddenly attack him so fiercely?” Cheng Chou asked.
“He provoked me. He said he has reached the same realm as me,” Xiao Li said.
“The same realm?” Cheng Chou sighed. Hadn’t Chu Chuan learned anything by now?
Chu Chuan had passed out.
Jiang Hao looked at the heavily injured Chu Chuan. He had reached the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
‘Second stage in just a year… he advanced so quickly,’ thought Jiang Hao. The gap was even more apparent when compared to Lin Zhi.
Lin Zhi had started cultivating sooner than Chu Chuan.
However, compared to Lin Zhi, Chu Chuan was lucky.
Jiang Hao walked over to them.
“It’s almost lunchtime. Let’s go catch a tender and wealthy child to eat,” said the spirit beast shamelessly. “I won’t eat anything else today. We’ll eat… carrots! Nothing is better than carrots!”
Xiao Lu and Cheng Chou were puzzled by the sudden shift in the spirit beast’s attitude.
“Right, Master?” said the beast as it turned around.
Curiously, Xiao Li turned to look and found that Jiang Hao was walking over to them.
She snapped her head back to look at the unconscious Chu Chuan on the ground. He then gripped the spirit beast tightly and held it in front of her as though she was shielding herself..