Chapter 199: The Demoness Visits Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was curious to know how the spirit beast always detected his presence, even when he concealed himself.
“Senior Brother Jiang, great to see you back!” said Cheng Chou as he checked on
Chu Chuan.
Jiang Hao nodded at him. “Did you give the things I left with you to Chu Chuan?” he asked the spirit beast.
“I did, ” said the spirit beast as it munched on a carrot.
“What about the spirit herbs and my flowers in the courtyard?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Rest assured, Master. All the beings know how great of a demon I am. Even the vegetation doesn’t defy—”
“Just speak normal, human language,” said Jiang Hao with a sigh.
“Everything is fine,” the spirit beast said.
Jiang Hao nodded and observed the beast. It had already reached the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Its progress was truly remarkable.
“Master, take a look at this.” The beast showed Jiang Hao its collar. “It’s cracked again. When will you buy me a new one?”
Jiang Hao looked at it indifferently and tossed the collar that he had bought just a while ago. “How about this?”
The spirit beast’s eyes lit up in delight. It leaped onto Xiao Li’s head. It broke the old collar and slipped on the new one. “Master, do I look like a great demon now?”
“I don’t raise demons,” Jiang Hao said.
“But I can be anything you want. If I become a great demon, I can…”
Jiang Hao ignored the beast and turned to Xiao Li.
She grabbed the beast and held it in front of her like a shield. “J-Junior Brother Chu wanted me to give it my all.”
“What’s your cultivation level?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm,” said Xiao Li.
“Are you still causing trouble in the cafeteria?” asked Jiang Hao.
“No. I haven’t caused any trouble at all!” Xiao Li put the beast down on the ground.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Focus on improving your cultivation in these few days. I’ll ask Cheng Chou to take you back for another visit to your house.”
Xiao Li jumped up excitedly, lifted the beast, and spun in a circle. Then she froze and looked at Jiang Hao awkwardly.
“Thank you,” she said. “Senior Brother Jiang, can I have something like that
She pointed to the collar on the spirit beast’s neck.
Jiang Hao looked at her in surprise. “No.” Why would a dragon ask for a pet collar?
Xiao Li lowered her head in disappointment.
Jiang Hao sighed. “I’ll get you something else next time.”
Xiao Li was delighted. The spirit beast was happy for her too.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. He felt that he cared too much for them. If he had ignored them from the beginning, perhaps it wouldn’t have been this troublesome.
Now, he just hoped to release the beast and guide the dragon to freedom as soon as he could.
Jiang Hao asked Cheng Chou about the recent situation in the sect.
According to Cheng Chou, the demand for spirit herbs had increased over the past three months. There had been some issues in other Spirit Herb Gardens, but the problems weren’t serious.
They were a bit tired because of the low manpower, but they hadn’t hired anyone without Jiang Hao’s permission. Fortunately, the demand wasn’t too high, and they could handle the pressure.
“And the other inner sect disciples working there agreed with it?” asked Jiang
Hao.
The increased demand for spirit herbs was likely due to the Devil’s Den and the Heavenly Saint Sect.
“At that time, Senior Brother Han Ming was in charge of the Spirit Herb Garden. I told him we couldn’t hire anyone until you were back. He didn’t say anything. He even helped handle the pressure from the increased orders. He achieved some minor credit for his contributions and gave me some pills.”
Jiang Hao chuckled. Han Ming was truly a strange person. He had lost to Jiang Hao, so he didn’t make any moves. If he had no one above him, Jiang Hao wondered what Han Ming would do.
Perhaps he would continue challenging others.
“Will you be free in these few days?” he asked.
“Yes.” Cheng Chou nodded.
Jiang Hao asked Cheng Chou to take Xiao Li back to her home for a visit.
Xiao Li wanted to head to the cafeteria for her meal and asked Jiang Hao if he wanted to come along. Jiang Hao politely refused. He had something to do at his own house. The spirit beast followed Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao stood at the gate of his courtyard. He saw two blue bubbles floating near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
[Cultivation +1]
[Lifeblood +1]
There was nothing urgent to do in the sect for now. He could finally have some quiet time. He decided to focus on improving his strength and cultivation.
He looked at his interface as he walked to the Immortal Peach Tree.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 23]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might]
[Lifeblood: 10/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 9/100 (cannot be cultivated)] [Divine Abilities: 1/3 (cannot be obtained)]
[Golden Legend: 1/2 (cannot be obtained)]
In the past three months, there had been almost no progress in his lifeblood or cultivation. However, he was back now. He could make progress!
If he worked diligently to accumulate lifeblood and cultivation, he could advance in over a year. Taking a year to advance wasn’t a big deal in the cultivation world.
‘My cultivation realm is currently on par with Liu Xingchen. I wonder if he will advance first or if I will.’
If it were someone else, Jiang Hao was certain he would be the first. But Liu Xingchen was something else. He was not only a genius, but his physical condition was also extraordinary.
Who else could devour the souls of great beings like a dragon and a sorcerer?
The spirit beast walked near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It was about to touch the flower when it fell to the ground, unconscious.
Jiang Hao heard some movement behind him. Before he could turn to look, a white figure descended in front of him.
It was the spirit beast. It was bruised and swollen. Someone had tied it to the tree branch in a split second.
Jiang Hao was stunned. This could mean only one thing. Hong Yuye was here.
Sure enough, a faint fragrance filled the air. It was a familiar fragrance.
“How is your enchantment practice going?”
The voice was crisp and pleasant, like the singing of birds in the forest. It was refreshing to hear. However, the voice mocked him.
Jiang Hao turned to see a woman in a red gown standing in the courtyard. Her skin was pale, and she was surrounded by a radiant aura. She smirked at him.
Her beauty was unparalleled.
Jiang Hao came back to his senses. “Greetings, Senior.”
He hadn’t read any more books on charms after she caught him reading it last time.
Hong Yuye smiled softly and sat on the wooden chair. “I remember that you still have some Azure Red tea left.
“I do,” said Jiang Hao and prepared to make some tea.
The fragrance of the tea leaves wafted up as he soaked them in hot water. Hor
Yuye waited patiently.
Jiang Hao finished brewing the tea and poured her a cup.
“What did you find in the Devil’s Den?”
“Senior, why would you ask something like that?” said Jiang Hao as he poured tea for himself. “I didn’t find anything.”
Hong Yuye lifted the cup to her lips and took a sip. “Hm… Tell me, is your beas like you, or are you more like the beast?”
Jiang Hao remained silent..