Chapter 200: I Hope You Will Be As Confident When I Visit The Next Time
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao had indeed brought something from the Devil’s Den. It was the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
However, he didn’t want anyone to find out.
He suspected that Hong Yuye was trying to trick him into admitting the truth, so he denied everything. He hardly thought Hong Yuye would search him physically. It would be inappropriate.
Jiang Hao remembered that Hong Yuye had claimed the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower so brazenly. She had even claimed the Immortal Peach Tree for herself.
Even a powerful person could turn aggressive when they need something. The possibility of Hong Yuye searching his storage treasure was low but not zero.
With his thoughts spinning, Jiang Hao decided not to tell her anything. Perhaps he could get away with it if he played dumb.
Hong Yuye drank her tea calmly. “Would you come to my place for some tea?”
“I’m afraid I can’t, Senior.” Jiang Hao lowered his head.
“Show it to me,” said Hong Yuye.
“I really don’t have it.”
He poured more tea for the woman in front of him.
“How dare you lie to me when the red light is emanating from you so clearly?” said Hong Yuye.
This sudden remark caught Jiang Hao off guard.
Before he could respond, Hong Yuye said, “Any treasure, even if sealed, can leave traces. These traces will dissipate after a certain period of time, but the longer the interaction, the more obvious the traces. The most noticeable treasures in this regard are those related to providence and karma.”
Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao. “Do you think I’m blind?”
“What if I just happened to come into contact with something like that but don’t really have it on me?” Jiang Hao asked.
“So, you do accept that it’s a possibility,” said Hong Yuye with a smile.
Jiang Hao felt that he had fallen into her trap once again. He hesitated and decided to bring out the pearl.
The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was gently placed on the table. It was shrouded in purple spiritual energy.
Hong Yuye reached out, picked it up, and examined it for a moment. “I thought you were a good cultivator but lacked courage. It seems you can be reckless when you need to.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. The pearl might come in handy someday, but using it would incur bad karma.
Jiang Hao decided not to use it unless absolutely necessary.
“Why did you take it? What was your intention?” Hong Yuye raised an eyebrow and looked at Jiang Hao. “Did you plan to use it against me?”
“No, Senior. You misunderstood,” said Jiang Hao. He did think of that for a little while, but not anymore.
Hong Yuye smiled. “Alright.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and remained silent. It was better to talk less with her.
Hong Yuye placed the pearl back on the table and sipped her tea. “Do you know what this is?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “Please enlighten me, Senior.”
Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao. “You’re such a cautious person. If you hadn’t known what this pearl was for, would you have risked taking it out of the Devil’s Den?”
Jiang Hao smiled awkwardly. “Senior, you are wise.”
“I think this is the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl,” he said.
“You should know that once the seal is broken, it will not only affect you but also the whole sect. It will be disastrous. It will kill a lot of people. Those who manage to escape will be plagued by misfortune. It will keep spreading until all living beings become part of it,” said Hong Yuye.
“If you intend to destroy the Heavenly Note Sect and escape, remembe my flower and the Immortal Peach Tree with you… or you will suffer tb consequences,” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “1 don’t intend to do anything like that, Senit hadn’t entertained any thoughts of using the pearl to destroy the Heav Note Sect.
First, the situation wasn’t critical. Secondly, using the Misfortune Pear accumulate too much bad karma.
“There’s something I should remind you of…” Hong Yuye looked at the the table. “Although the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl brings bad luc people still covet it. If it had appeared here, some people might alread) about it.”
She didn’t say anything further, but Jiang Hao understood. Regardless, couldn’t have left the pearl there, nor could he give it to someone else. However, he was only in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm wasn’t strong enough to protect the pearl.
Did obtaining treasure always come with such troubles?
“Senior, is it possible for someone to find the exact location of the Hea Fate Misfortune Pearl?” asked Jiang Hao.
Hong Yuye thought about it for a while. “In theory, no. The traces can ( found when one imbues one’s aura into an object. Since imbuing an au: the Misfortune Pearl means instant death, I don’t think anyone could I
“In that case, are you interested in this pearl, Senior?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Why would I carry such an unlucky thing with me?” said Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao realized that Hong Yuye only wanted divine treasures. The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and the Immortal Peach Tree were both divine items. In contrast, the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was not only associated with misfortune but also stained with the blood of countless living beings. Therefore, she was uninterested in owning such an item.
Jiang Hao decided not to say anything more. It was better to keep the pearl with himself for now. At least it had the power to suppress curses. There might be an opportunity where he could use it.
“What about the progress on the Stone Tablets?” Hong Yuye asked.
“No progress at all,” said Jiang Hao. “But we are going in the right direction. I have infiltrated the inner circle. I might discover more.”
The truth was that he only glanced at the stone tablets occasionally. Gui was still chasing after the python. Xing and Liu often chatted about random things. However, they did mention that the Great Thousand God Sect was becoming more active. They had also talked about how the Bright Moon Sect had recruited another exceptionally talented disciple. Aside from that, Jiang Hao didn’t see anything else. As for the mastermind behind the stone tablets, there wasn’t anything to be found.
“You are full of lies.” Hong Yuye walked to the Immortal Peach Tree and waved her hand lightly. The spirit beast fell into the river and drifted away. “In a few more months, this tree will bear fruit. I remember you saying that the fruits would be sour.”
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao. “If it turns out to be sweet, you will bear the consequences.”
“Please rest assured, Senior. It will be sour,” Jiang Hao said confidently.
“Are you that confident about it?” Hong Yuye was surprised as she looked at Jiang Hao’s determined face.
Her presence became ethereal, and she started to vanish.
“I hope you will be as confident when I visit the next time.” Her voice mocked him..