Chapter 201: Master, Are You Not Strong Enough?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the Heavenly South Prefecture in the southern region, a young woman in a yellow dress threw a magical ball into the rushing river.
Boom!
The explosion made the water surge and rise.
After a while, the woman calmed down and looked at the river.
“It escaped again! What other means does this dragon have? Its power has already declined, yet it can still escape from my grasp. I wonder where it will flee this time!”
The woman was angry, thinking that it might take another few years for her to get her things back. She was furious and threw the magical ball into the river again. Then she walked toward the riverbank.
“Did you fail again?” asked a middle-aged man with a soft smile.
He wore a Daoist robe. His hair was graying, but his face had no wrinkles. His eyes shone with a determined light.
“Help me find out where the dragon has run off to,” said the woman in the yellow dress as she tossed a bottle to him.
The man took the jade bottle. A compass appeared in his hand. The surrounding light dimmed, and stars appeared in the void.
The woman in the yellow dress took a step back.
“I always feel that there’s something wrong with those stars.” She couldn’t help but be wary.
After a moment, the phenomenon around the middle-aged man began to disappear, and the compass also faded from his hand.
“Where is it?” the woman asked.
“Hidden Cloud Prefecture,” said the middle-aged man calmly. “It will head to a certain place in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture, but… I don’t know the exact location. It will take some more time to find out. Do you want to continue?”
“Hidden Cloud Prefecture?” asked the woman. Then she shook her head. “That’s all I need right now. I’ll find you when I need more information.”
“Until next time,” said the middle-aged man and turned away.
The woman in the yellow dress flew away. After a while, she landed in front of a huge city and walked straight into a small courtyard.
After setting up an array, she sat at the table and took out the stone tablet.
‘Hidden Cloud Prefecture. Jing also said he was in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. This is a good opportunity to test him! Let’s see if he is willing to cooperate with us…
The woman in the yellow dress smiled and projected her consciousness onto the stone tablet. Her codename was Gui.
Jiang Hao looked at the peach tree. Just moments ago, someone beautiful stood under it. Now, she was gone.
He let out a sigh and sat down to drink tea.
He decided that he would watch the peach tree every day. Then, when it bore fruits, he would pluck the ripe ones and only leave the unripe ones on the tree for Hong Yuye.
What Jiang Hao was worried about was the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. As long as it was sealed, no one would notice the pearl. It was best to keep it sealed and unused.
Just as he finished drinking a cup of tea, he heard wails and howls from outside.
“My face! Why does everything hurt?!”
The spirit beast rushed into the courtyard. It looked at Jiang Hao.
“Master, why is it that whenever you’re here, someone beats me up until I am unconscious?”
“Maybe because you got too close to the flower,” said Jiang Hao gently.
If Hong Yuye had seen it licking a leaf on the flower, it would have lost its tongue or even its life.
“Master, you have to work hard,” said the spirit beast. “You have to get stronger so that nobody can look down on you or me.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. Hong Yuye did indeed look down on him constantly. The gap in their strength was like heaven and earth.
Who knew how many years it would take for him to match up to her?
Jiang Hao continued sipping his tea.
He had used the same tea leaves to brew the tea once again. The first batch he made was rich and aromatic. Hong Yuye had finished that quickly. He could only brew the used leaves to try some of it. However, it still tasted good.
He poured a cup of tea for the spirit beast.
“Master, this tea is very good!” it exclaimed.
“Did anyone visit my place in the past few months?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes… There was a woman. I didn’t recognize her. She was looking at the Black Lotus. ”
“Black Lotus?” Jiang Hao looked at the place where it was planted.
The Black Lotus helped Jiang Hao bypass Bai Ye’s Spirit Sealing technique. Perhaps he realized that Jiang Hao’s cultivation hadn’t regressed but had advanced. So, He might have sent someone to investigate.
There hadn’t been any news from Bai Ye. Jiang Hao had thought that Bai Ye had let him off the hook.
If Bai Ye was planning something, Jiang Hao needed to prepare himself. However, he still didn’t know how strong Bai Ye was.
Even if their cultivation happened to be the same, Jiang Hao couldn’t underestimate him.
The moment the sealing technique affected him, Jiang Hao suspected that he had already been poisoned.
“I have to find out if he will temporarily leave the sect. Otherwise, it will be impossible to kill him.”
The Law Enforcement Hall’s investigation had been fruitless the last time.
However, if Jiang Hao were to kill a True Disciple this time, he worried that the Law Enforcement Hall would probably use the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror.
Once he was discovered, it would be all over.
Before he took any action, he needed to find out where Bai Ye lived and what his cultivation realm was. He had to be fully prepared.
“Anyone else?” Jiang Hao asked.
“There was someone else. She called for you a couple of times, but when I told her you weren’t here, she left.” “Did she say why she was here?”
“No.” The spirit beast shook its head.
“Master, when will you find a mistress? Or are those all your mistresses?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “No.”
“Strong male spirit beasts always find strong female spirit beasts. Master, are you not strong enough?”
Jiang Hao paused for a moment while sipping the tea, then carried the teapot and walked inside the house without saying a word.
After a few days, Jiang Hao headed back to the Spirit Herb Garden. He saw some ordinary non-cultivators at work and a few outer sect disciples.
The next day, he joined them and began taking care of the spirit herbs and waited for the bubbles.
Seven days later, Xiao Li arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden, looking all excited.
She had just advanced to the third stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
Cheng Chou was shocked. Xiao Li was truly extraordinary. He felt that she was even more talented than the exceptionally talented disciples, who were hyped for their capabilities.
She always managed to advance in just a few days if she had some motivation.
She had reached the third stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm in just ten days! It was simply unimaginable.
“I won’t give you any more instructions. I think you are capable on your own. Be careful and take care of yourself,” said Jiang Hao.
He then took out some pills, ten spirit stones, and a few talismans. He gave a little more than he usually would to Cheng Chou. Cheng Chou helped him out with many matters, after all.
Cheng Chou thanked him. “Don’t worry, Senior Brother Jiang. I will take her to her home and bring her back safe and sound.”
“This time, I’ll ask my mother to make you some delicious food, Senior Brother Jiang,” said Xiao Li.
Jiang Hao looked at her. “Are you taking anything back?”
Xiao Li nodded and took out some snacks from her pocket.
“Put them in your storage treasure,” said Jiang Hao.
Last time, the pastry she had brought back had been mildly poisoned because they had to fend off a beast. If her old mother ate something like that, it would be fatal.
Xiao Li couldn’t understand why she needed to do it, but she still obeyed without question.
Jiang Hao watched them leave. It would take them two months to return, which meant he had to postpone tying up the spirit beast until then.
He needed the spirit beast to check on Chu Chuan. That way, Jiang Hao could pay some attention to Lin Zhi in the next two months.
“Master, there’s a woman looking for you outside,” the spirit beast said.
Jiang Hao was puzzled.
When he went out, he discovered it was Senior Sister Zhou Chan. She had visited him to give him his reward. This was not the first time..