Chapter 203: What Did I Do Wrong?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao continued making Healing Talismans and Ten Thousand Swords Talismans in the following months. He needed to earn enough spiritual stones for another incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree.
However, looking at the meager quantity in his storage treasure, he felt that the path ahead was long and arduous. If only there were purple bubbles, he wouldn’t be so anxious and worried. He hadn’t found many bubbles lately.
Having one more divine ability would greatly increase his strength. For the next month, Jiang Hao was left at peace. Nothing big happened, and no one came looking for him. The peaceful and quiet life brought him joy.
During that month, he earned over a thousand spirit stones, especially from selling the Healing Talismans. It seemed that the influence of the Devil’s Den and the heavenly Saint Sect had played a great role in increasing the prices and demand for talismans. Usually, it was difficult for him to make a significant amount of money by selling talismans.
Now, he had over twelve thousand spiritual stones in total. The beast required 8100, leaving him with only four thousand. He still needed over five thousand for another incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree.
Time was running out, so he would have to sell something to earn fast.
Fortunately, there were some items in the storage treasure that he could sell.
He continued to live a quiet life. The news came from the Hundred Bones Forest that they wanted to continue their cooperation, and their spirit herbs would be delivered again in a month.
Jiang Hao knew that Bai Ye would take action against him once more. He wondered what method he would use this time. He could only wait and see after a month.
The next morning, Jiang Hao once again arrived near Lin Zhi’s house. At this time, Lin Zhi’s body was not as weak, but his cultivation remained as weak as ever.
Jiang Hao often saw him beaten and bloody. He silently endured everything. Occasionally, he would cry when he returned home, but he cried less and less as time passed.
He didn’t interact with others and only focused on what he needed to do. If someone greeted him, he would lower his head and leave.
He didn’t save his spirit stones when he received them. Instead, he used them to buy low-grade and inexpensive spiritual herbs to help strengthen his body. Although the spirit herbs were cheap, they helped him feel less pain when beaten.
“He hasn’t collapsed yet and continues to cultivate day after day. And yet, his cultivation hasn’t improved.” The spirit beast shook its head and sighed. “He’s mocked when given a task, despised, and beaten by those around him. I think he isn’t doing well psychologically. He still endures the beatings…”
Jiang Hao witnessed it all, and he was surprised by Lin Zhi’s incredible resilience. He did cry occasionally, but he never broke down. It was as though something strengthened him from the inside.
Jiang Hao looked toward the back of the house, where Lin Zhi had buried the protective talisman his mother had given him. Perhaps that was giving him strength.
In the evening, three outer disciples arrived and searched Lin Zhi’s house. One of them was tall, while the other two were somewhat short and frail.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with Lin Zhi lately. He doesn’t fight back or say anything when he’s beaten. He acts like nothing happened the day before. It’s infuriating,” one of them said.
“I feel the same way. He used to argue. Now, even when I pull his hair and step on his face to humiliate him, he endures it. We need to find his weakness,” another one said.
“He has a protective talisman, right? I don’t know where he keeps it. Find it,” said the third person.
The three of them began searching. They searched inside and out but found nothing valuable. Lin Zhi wasn’t the only one living here, but no matter how much they searched, they didn’t find anything of value.
“Go outside and take a look,” the tall one said.
They began using techniques to inspect the place. These were the most basic techniques that allowed them to easily examine things. If their spiritual power was strong enough, using spiritual probing would be more effective than the techniques. They surrounded the house and inspected it. They finally found something at the back of the house.
“There it is!” exclaimed the thin individual.
They dug behind the house and found a box. When they opened it, they found the protective talisman inside.
“Hahaha… Let’s see him beg this time!”
Before they could rejoice, they heard a cold voice behind them.
“Who dares to steal from the disciples of the Cliff of Broken Hearts?”
Startled, the three turned around to see an inner sect disciple standing behind them. Jiang Hao looked at them icily. They were the same people who had beaten Lin Zhi and stolen his spirit stones.
“S-Senior Brother!”
Jiang Hao didn’t trouble them last time, so they thought he wouldn’t do anything to them this time either. A powerful aura sent them flying backwvard.
Bang!
“Normally, I wouldn’t lay hands on outer sect disciples, but did you think I can disregard the fact that you are stealing something from the Cliff of Broken Hearts?” asked Jiang Hao.
“It was a mistake. Please spare us, Senior Brother!” They pleaded.
Inner sect disciples rarely mixed with outer sect disciples. They wondered why this inner sect disciple was interfering.
“Put that thing back and bury it,” Jiang Hao said.
The three hastily put the box back and quickly covered it with dirt.
“You will receive punishment in the outer sect area. Your cultivation resources will be deducted for one year. I heard the mines have opened. You will go to the mines and work there for three years.” Jiang Hao stared at them coldly. “Any objections?”
“None!”
After that, Jiang Hao let them leave.
As for the punishment, he wasn’t concerned. If they didn’t have someone backing them, their supervisors would find them after a couple of days anyway. Without anyone powerful behind them, the outer sect would abide by his
words.
Of course, dealing with these three individuals wouldn’t make any difference. The bullies never improved with just a few scoldings.
In the night, Lin Zhi arrived at his house in a disheveled state. Upon realizing that someone had come for his protective talisman, he rushed to the back of the house.
When he saw that the soil had been dug up, he knelt to the ground. His eyes welled up, and tears kept falling. He didn’t know what he had ever done to deserve this. No matter what he did, someone was always targeting him. He didn’t bother anyone, didn’t make friends , and went sound doing his errands and nothing else. Still, he was beaten and bruised. He didn’t know how long he could take this.
Someone had even stolen his mother’s protective talisman!
He dug into the soil while tears streamed down his face. Soon, he discovered the box and opened it. The talisman was still inside! He was stunned. It made him cry even more.
“You’re so useless,” said a voice from behind.
Startled, he turned around and quickly wiped his tears. He saw a strange creature in the moonlight. It stood upright like a human, with long ears and a big head. Its furs seemed to emit a faint light. Lin Zhi instinctively gripped the box tightly.
“Who are you?” he asked.
“Call me Lord Beast,” said the Spirit Beast. “I have three hobbies: saving people from trouble, making friends, and eating humans who taste nice..”
 