Chapter 204: Guidance
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Lin Zhi was at a loss for words. He was especially afraid of the last thing the beast said. ‘Eating people who taste nice…’
“Do you… What do you want from me?” he asked.
“Don’t worry. I haven’t eaten humans in so long. Now, I prefer sweets and tender meat. Besides, I think your flesh will be too bitter to eat,” said the spirit beast. “So… do you want Lord Beast’s favor?”
“What do you mean?” Lin Zhi wiped away his tears.
The rabbit pointed to the box. “If it weren’t for me, they would have taken that.
So, do you want me to do you a favor? You can give that to me for safekeeping. I’ll give it back to you when you have become stronger.”
Lin Zhi looked bewildered, then he lowered his head to look at the box in his hands. He gripped the box tightly and then loosened it after a while. Tears welled up in his eyes.
“My mother walked thirty miles to get this for me. She exchanged our food supply for this. She said it will protect me in her absence.” Lin Zhi’s lips trembled. “My mother is sick. She said she will wait for me till I become strong and successful. She said she will cook a delicious meal for me when I go back. But her illness… the doctor said that… I think she won’t last long. I thought that
I could cure her if I became a strong disciple but… I don’t think I can.”
As he spoke, tears fell from his eyes. Lin Zhi wiped the dirt from the box as he cried. He then handed it over to the spirit beast.
“You are the most miserable person I’ve ever seen,” said the spirit beast as he took the box. “Even if you were the last human on this earth, I wouldn’t eat you. I don’t think you’ll taste good. Also, trust me, you will be grateful for the decision you made today. Perhaps right now it will feel like you did the worst thing by giving this away, but you’ll understand in the future. You will be grateful you trusted a great demon to ever exist on this earth.”
Lin Zhi was puzzled but didn’t think much of it. “How can I find you when I become stronger?” he asked.
“I will come and find you. Now, go back and do whatever you have to do.” The spirit beast looked downward at the boy as it floated in the air.
After Lin Zhi left, the beast hopped behind a large tree. It handed over the box to Jiang Hao.
“Master, did I do it perfectly?” asked the spirit beast eagerly.
Jiang Hao ignored the beast and reached out to receive the box. He opened it slowly. An ordinary talisman lay inside the box. Lin Zhi’s mother might have known her end was near if she walked thirty miles and exchanged her entire food supply to get this for her son.
Jiang Hao touched the talisman with his hand. A surge of power enveloped the talisman to protect it.
“Perhaps it is truly spiritual,” he whispered. He closed the box and put it away.
“Let’s go.”
“Master, did you just take it because you thought it had some great power?” asked the beast.
“Of course not,” said Jiang Hao. “Do you know why he gave it to you?”
“Because I am the greatest demon to ever exist?”
“He knows you aren’t an ordinary beast, and he can’t fight you if you wanted to take it away,” said Jiang Hao. “This is dear to him. To get it back, he would have no choice but to become stronger.”
“Will you protect him in the future, Master?” asked the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “He has to walk his own path. In the cultivation world, you can’t succeed by relying on others. At most, I can guide him.”
Two days later, an alchemist in the Foundation Establishment Realm from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion came looking for Jiang Hao.
“Greetings, Senior Brother.” Xin Fei greeted him politely.
Jiang Hao was puzzled. “Sorry, Junior Sister. Do I know you?”
Xin Fei appeared very young. She must have been in her early twenties. She was wearing an alchemist robe, as though to declare her status and identity. She was at the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
“Just call me Xin Fei,” she said. “I am here regarding the incident from two days ago.”
“The three juniors who acted recklessly and ransacked another disciple’s house have gone to the mines to live out their punishment. I’m here to apologize for their behavior,” she said.
She took out thirty spirit stones. “I am here to make a request too. The three disciples have made some contributions to the Candlelight Pill Pavilion, and some of the seniors look out for them. But they were very angry at their behavior. They still have errands to run. So, I wanted to ask you if their punishment could be reduced from three years to three months. This is for the damage done.”
Xin Fei handed the spirit stones to Jiang Hao.
“Their resources will be deducted for a year following the punishment, of course. Otherwise, they won’t learn a lesson.”
Jiang Hao accepted the spirit stones. He sighed inwardly. Thirty spirit stones was a great amount to spend on outer sect disciples. Xin Fei also mentioned that some seniors were backing them up. Jiang Hao didn’t want to cause trouble, so he agreed.
“Alright. I hope they won’t steal from the Cliff of Broken Hearts again when they are done with their punishment,” said Jiang Hao.
“Of course,” said Xin Fei in relief.
After she left, Jiang Hao headed to the cafeteria and handed the thirty spirit stones to Feng Yang as Xiao Li’s food expenses for the month. It had been over a month since Cheng Chou and Xiao Li left. They would be back soon.
For the next month, Jiang Hao still passed by Lin Zhi’s house every day. His situation had improved somewhat.
Zhao Qingxue and Lin MO came to find him. Jiang Hao watched from afar.
The three of them, Lin MO with his head held high, and Zhao Qingxue standing gracefully and elegantly, walked through the forest. Lin Zhi followed behind, looking out of place.
Although he tried his best to get along, he lowered his head and had no confidence to stand equally with them. He looked embarrassed. “Master, why do you think he looks so bitter?” asked the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao smiled sadly but didn’t say anything.
“We have observed him enough. Let’s go back,” said Jiang Hao.
At night, Jiang Hao left the courtyard and walked along the riverbank. He left the beast behind at the house.
Under the moonlight, he read the book in his hand while walking slowly. The book he was holding was the one the Bright Moon Sect had given him on Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Art.
He occasionally read the book to understand more about the technique.
Although it only helped until one reached the Foundation Establishment Realm, it had some pretty interesting things in it.
He was at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, so it wasn’t difficult for him to comprehend this new technique. He also had the Pure and Clear Heart ability to help him understand the process.
A moment later, he heard the sound of fists thudding against something.
It was Lin Zhi.
“You’ve become much stronger than before,” said Jiang Hao.
Startled, Lin Zhi snapped back to look. When he realized it was just Jiang Hao, he heaved a sigh of relief.
“Greetings, Senior Brother Jiang,” he said and bowed.
“Have you made any progress with the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note Technique?” asked Jiang Hao.
Lin Zhi lowered his head. “Not much.”
Jiang Hao wasn’t surprised. “Well… maybe it’s time you changed to another technique if that isn’t working for you.”
Lin Zhi raised his head and looked at Jiang Hao in astonishment. “Change the technique?”
Jiang Hao tossed the book to Lin Zhi.
The title read: The Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Art..