Chapter 205: Some Have No Homes To Return To
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Focus on cultivating this technique, preferably during the night,” Jiang Hao said.
“The Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement technique is different from the Hundred Revolutions of Heavenly Note technique. Its subsequent stages don’t require you to advance to a specific realm. As long as you can proficiently manipulate the power of the sun, moon, and stars, you can expand your scope and improve your absorption speed. However, it mostly involves dynamic exercises. Each move and technique can bring you considerable improvement.”
“But it seems like this technique isn’t from our sect,” Lin Zhi said, somewhat confused.
“It doesn’t matter,” Jiang Hao said with assurance. “The sect had no rules against using different techniques. You don’t need to explain it to anyone. Just focus on cultivating it.”
Lin Zhi felt relieved after hearing that.
Jiang Hao explained the introductory methods to him. With his temperament and physique, it was much easier to practice the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique.
Late at night, Lin Zhi felt the power of the stars in the forest. Although the moves and techniques were unfamiliar, he felt a familiarity with them. It was as though it fit him perfectly.
He no longer felt a barrier in his cultivation. His heart was filled with joy. Then he completely immersed himself in cultivation.
When he finished cultivating, he realized that it was already dawn, and Jiang Hao was nowhere to be seen.
He looked at his hands. Although he didn’t see any physical change in himself, he knew that he had gotten stronger. He could sense it.
Although he was delighted, he knew that his talent was still average and he needed to work hard
In the morning, Jiang Hao sat under the Immortal Peach Tree. It had bloomed.
For now, he had done what he could for Lin Zhi. He had taught him the introductory methods, but he didn’t plan to guide him further personally. It was enough to let the beast serve as a guide. Helping him was just an act of kindness, and he didn’t intend to get too involved. Otherwise, it would be too troublesome, like with Xiao Li and the spirit beast.
Although the two hadn’t caused him any major distress yet, he had a feeling that they would attract more trouble as they grew.
He needed to send them away before something like that happened.
There was also Chu Chuan. Unfortunately, he was someone who needed guidance. On the path of cultivation, conflicts were unavoidable. After achieving certain accomplishments, he would go out on his own.
As for Lin Zhi, Jiang Hao realized that he would face numerous troubles in the future.
Jiang Hao wanted to interact less with Lin Zhi. If he needed something, he could ask the beast for help. If the beast had been able to explain the basic methods of the new techniques, Jiang Hao wouldn’t have gone out to meet Lin Zhi at all.
Lin Zhi’s path was long but difficult. If he could progress smoothly, Jiang Hao would protect and guide him for a while. If Lin Zhi proved strong enough to reclaim his talisman of protection, he would be able to take care of himself.
Jiang Hao sighed and headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. The people from the Hundred Bones Forest were coming soon, and he needed to see if Bai Ye would appear with them.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao didn’t wait for the people from the Hundred Bones Forest, but he did meet Cheng Chou and Xiao Li.
“Senior Brother Jiang, this is for you.” Xiao Li handed him some pastries. She looked a little disheveled.
Cheng Chou was injured again.
“What happened this time?” Jiang Hao took the pastries and helped Cheng Chou treat his wounds.
“We encountered disciples from Azure Mountain,” Cheng Chou said with a bitter smile.
Every time they went out, they faced some danger. Luckily, they managed to escape.
Cheng Chou had also grown stronger through actual combat. However, he had witnessed Xiao Li’s formidable power. Not even those in the Foundation Establishment Realm could match her in a fight.
Jiang Hao treated Cheng Chou’s wounds. “Was your family happy that you returned?” asked Jiang Hao as he looked at Xiao Li.
Xiao Li nodded. “Mother was so happy that she made chicken every day. Father had bought a lot of preserved meat for me even before I returned home. They liked the things I took back for them. Next time, I should take more. Mother’s eyes aren’t good, so I had to kill the chicken myself and start the fire. She praised me!” Xiao Li grinned in delight.
Xiao Li talked about many things, while Jiang Hao listened quietly. Hearing about her family members gave him peace too. Sometimes, he felt envious.
After he finished treating Cheng Chou’s wounds, he examined the pastries that Xiao Li had given him. This time, they were not poisoned.
He ate one. It tasted slightly better than the ones Xiao Li had brought back last time.
When Cheng Chou had recovered, Jiang Hao let Xiao Li and the beast go away to play together on their own.
“How are things?” Jiang Hao asked.
He was referring to Xiao Li’s elderly foster parents.
“Not very good.” Cheng Chou sighed. “Their health isn’t great. They are hardworking and refuse to rest. They were very reluctant to let Xiao Li go this time. They seemed afraid that they might not see her again. I secretly set up a formation to improve their environment and prepared some supplies for them. I also gathered some medicinal herbs to help with illness and such.”
Jiang Hao nodded.
“Senior Brother Jiang, are you worried that Junior Sister Xiao Li can’t bear it if something happens to her parents?” Cheng Chou asked.
Jiang Hao remained calm. “Well… things happen in life. Some get to go back home, and others don’t. If something happens, Xiao Li will no longer have a home to go back to.”
Jiang Hao seemed to be reminded of his own situation. “I can’t even go back to my homeland.”
Cheng Chou lowered his head. He didn’t have a family, so he didn’t understand why Xiao Li wanted to go back home and why Jiang Hao helped her. But now he understood.
“By the way, there’s something I need you to take care of,” Jiang Hao said.
After listening to Jiang Hao’s instructions, Cheng Chou left the sect. It would take about a week for him to return.
Jiang Hao gave him some talismans before he left.
“You haven’t reached the Foundation Establishment Realm yet, so this journey will take quite a bit of time,” Jiang Hao said as he planned to give Cheng Chou another push with his cultivation.
Now that Xiao Li had returned, Jiang Hao could continue with his plans for the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao currently had thirteen thousand spirit stones. He planned to sell some more items in the next few days to see how much he could accumulate.
By then, it would be time for another incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree. Jiang Hao would once again be penniless after taking care of the tree and the beast at the same time.
In the evening, Jiang Hao felt distressed when he saw the peach tree beginning to bear fruit. He decided to keep an eye on the tree to prevent the ripe fruits from remaining on the tree.
He took a rope and tied it to a pole in his courtyard. “Beast, come here.”
“Master, I’m here.” The spirit jumped up to Jiang Hao’s side. It didn’t panic when it saw the rope. It was accustomed to it by now. It was around this time last year that he was tied up. “Get up here,” Jiang Hao said.
The spirit beast obeyed and waited patiently to be tied up.
“Master, how much will I be eating this time? I won’t agree if it’s too little,” said the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
“You’ll start eating the spirit stones from tomorrow.”
” Master, can I have some sugar to dip it in?”
“No, you can’t..”