Chapter 207: Warning From The Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Lian Daozhi agreed to Jiang Hao’s proposal.
“The transplantation will take three to five days. Junior Brother Jiang, take care of it for a week and then see if you can do it.” Lian Daozhi smiled.
After finalizing the matter, Jiang Hao bid farewell to them and went to observe the spirit herbs that had been dropped off by the Hundred Bones Forest.
He had been thinking about how to inquire about Bai Ye’s whereabouts without raising suspicion. It would seem suspicious to ask directly, but it was difficult to find out anything at all without asking about him.
‘Do I have to wait and secretly investigate the Hundred Bones Forest later?’ he wondered.
However, it was risky. The Hundred Bones Forest was not an ordinary place where one could freely roam about.
In most places within the twelve branches, disciples of the sect were allowed to visit freely, but some branches were dangerous to do so. They didn’t allow disciples from other branches to trespass.
Jiang Hao still hadn’t found a suitable opportunity to inquire about Bai Ye.
“Do you have any questions, Junior Brother Jiang?” asked Lian Qin as she prepared to leave.
To his surprise, Jiang Hao found them friendlier than before. He just shook his head at her question.
The people of the Hundred Bones Forest bade him farewell and left.
Jiang Hao sighed softly. He had missed his chance. Now, he could only wait for Bai Ye to make a move and reveal himself.
Jiang Hao didn’t feel anything strange during these five days. Lian Daozhi also sent the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower to him.
It was a tall autumn spirit herb that was half the height of an average person. He could see some gold flashes on it.
Jiang Hao appraised it and found out that it was a top-grade spirit herb that could be used to temper the body. It would fetch a high price on the market.
“Are all top-grade spirit herbs very expensive?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Of course. Since you don’t have many top-grade spirit herbs here, it’s understandable that you are curious. The price usually depends on their effects. Most of them are quite expensive, ” Lian Daozhi said.
Jiang Hao nodded. He told Lian Daozhi that he would try to plant them in the next few days.
For seven days, he took care of the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower alone. During this time, he found two green bubbles. The flowers gave off bubbles at irregular intervals.
However, he could always plant more to see if they would give him more blue bubbles. Most of the spirit herbs no longer spawned blue bubbles.
Jiang Hao accepted more of the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower to plant in the Spirit Herb Garden.
The spirit beast remained tied up for half a month. During this time, Jiang Hao sold some items he had and earned a few spirit stones. He now had a total of fifteen thousand spirit stones. He needed to earn a bit more for the incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree.
The Immortal Peach Tree would take two more months to mature, so there was still time.
Half a month later, Jiang Hao still didn’t sense any sign of Bai Ye’s or his new schemes. It left him puzzled.
The peaches were about to ripen on the tree. Jiang Hao plucked the ripe ones. Not one ripe peach was left on the tree.
The ones he had plucked were not fully ripe, so they were still a bit sour. He took them to the Spirit Herb Garden to give them to Xiao Li.
“Not sweet,” said Xiao Li after she bit into one.
That was exactly what Jiang Hao wanted. For the next month, Jiang Hao plucked the peaches that were almost ripe and gave them to Xiao Li.
After a whole month of receiving these peaches, Xiao Li was curious. “Senior Brother Jiang, why are the peaches so sour this time?”
“If they were sweet, I wouldn’t be giving them to you,” said Jiang Hao. “Perhaps they grow sweet one year and sour the next?”
Xiao Li believed him. “Then let’s hurry and finish eating them. We’ll continue tomorrow.”
“Good girl,” Jiang Hao said.
However, the days passed, and the peaches on the tree were almost all picked. Still, Hong Yuye didn’t visit.
‘How long has it been since Hong Yuye visited last?’ wondered Jiang Hao. It had been over four months.
Jiang Hao glanced at the tree. He appraised the tree.
This time, the incarnation needed 9,999 spirit stones.
After checking his storage treasure, Jiang Hao found that he still had 11,700 spirit stones in total. He was still short by a few hundred.
Fortunately, he could sell some talismans to make up for it. Half a month later, Jiang Hao went about his own errands.
There were only five days left until the awakening of the spirit beast’s bloodline. All the fruits were picked, except for the last one.
On this day, Jiang Hao saw a beautiful figure standing in his courtyard. His heart skipped a beat.
Jiang Hao walked to her. Hong Yuye turned to glance at him. She looked amused.
“It seems like you’ve been waiting for me, ” she said.
Jiang Hao’s face darkened. He realized that she had deliberately chosen to appear today.
“It is always a delight to see you here, Senior.” Jiang Hao bowed.
“Do you remember what you said last year?” Hong Yuye smiled at Jiang Hao. “You said this year’s peaches would be sour. Now, tell me… do you still think they are sour?”
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. “It’s possible that they might be sweet.”
“You were so confident with your answer last time. What changed?”
If it weren’t for the purple bubble, Jiang Hao would have picked the last fruit too. When he looked up at the branches of the tree, he realized that the last peach had ripened.
He lowered his head and remained silent.
He saw Hong Yuye approach with her majestic aura unleashed. “Do you remember what I said back then? If the peaches aren’t sour, then it means you were deceiving me…”
Jiang Hao felt an immensely powerful force that would have crushed him. When he came back to his senses, he had flown into a wall. His back was sore.
When he stood up, Hong Yuye stared at the spirit beast, which was tied up. “I didn’t know you had… such hobbies.”
Jiang Hao hurriedly explained, “I’m trying to awaken its dormant bloodline.”
“You’re quite good to your beast. What about my tree?” Hong Yuye turned and looked at Jiang Hao.
“It can undergo an incarnation today,” Jiang Hao said.
Jiang Hao was just about to go through with it. He had thought that after the incarnation, the taste of peaches wouldn’t matter. Who knew Hong Yuye would choose this time to visit?
Hong Yuye nodded. “It seems you have taken good care of my flower and my tree. How long has it been since you last slept?”
The question puzzled Jiang Hao. He thought for a moment. “It has been… a while. ”
Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao. Her gaze made him feel uneasy. He lowered his head silently. He didn’t know why she was staring at him so intently.
Hong Yuye walked to the wooden table and placed a box on it. “I won’t let you work for me for nothing. This is a gift for you. Also, try to get some sleep tonight. You might be poisoned without knowing about it. ” After saying that, Hong Yuye disappeared on the spot.
Jiang Hao was confused. ‘Am I poisoned?’
He closed his eyes and paid attention to his body. He didn’t feel any discomfort. However, Hong Yuye had no reason to lie to him.
“Then how did I…” He suddenly realized something.. “Bai Ye!”