Chapter 208: Another Golden Legend!
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the courtyard, the leaves of the Immortal Peach Tree rustled. The wind gently swayed Jiang Hao’s robe and hair.
He slowly walked to the table and sat down on a wooden chair. ‘How did Bai Ye do it?’
Jiang Hao thought about it for a long time but couldn’t find any clues. He had appraised and examined every spirit herb sent from the Hundred Bones Forest but hadn’t found anything.
Jiang Hao had also made sure to check up on his physical condition every week. There were no problems at all.
Nothing could be found. There were no problems with the spirit herbs or with his body. He couldn’t understand what Bai Ye had used to poison him.
Jiang Hao thought that perhaps he needed to give it more time for the symptoms to manifest. Hong Yuye’s words had shocked him.
‘A potent poison…’ Jiang Hao once again checked himself inside and out. He couldn’t find anything. ‘Could it be that the effects of the poison only appeared today?’
He used the Daily Appraisal on himself. The results were the same as before. Nothing had changed. The only poison he could see was the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison.
‘Looks like I need something else to trigger it,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘Hong Yuye told me to sleep. Should I go to sleep now?’
Jiang Hao glanced at the spirit beast. There were only five days left until its bloodline was awakened further.
He hesitated and then opened the box Hong Yuye had left for him. It had a pill inside.
The pill had red and white patterns on it. There was a strange, refreshing fragrance wafting off of it. Every inch of his skin tingled when he smelled the Dill’s fragrance.
‘Is it a healing pill to detoxify my body?’ thought Jiang Hao.
He decided to use it right away. He needed to confirm his situation first.
He decided to wait for five more days to see how the poison would affect him.
Having an antidote would make it much safer. Even if it only treated the symptoms, it would provide him with enough time.
The next day, Jiang Hao once again used the Daily Appraisal on the spirit herbs from the Hundred Bones Forest. There were a lot of them, so it would take a while to do it one by one.
He still didn’t find a problem with them.
In another four days, he had used Daily Appraisal on four different spirit herbs. None of them were poisoned. The spirit herbs were fine.
‘Where is the problem?’
On the fifth day, he looked at the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower. Could Bai Ye have done something to them?
Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on the flower and waited for the result.
The feedback didn’t give him any new information. It was as Lian Daozhi had said. The Spirit Herb Garden at the Candlelight Pill Pavilion had suffered a mishap, so they were sent here to be planted.
In the evening, Jiang Hao sat in his courtyard. He raised his head to look at the Immortal Peach Tree. He realized that he had forgotten all about initiating the incarnation of the tree.
Jiang Hao then set up a Spirit Gathering Array with the spirit stones. Then he initiated the process of incarnation.
Tomorrow was the last day for the awakening of the bloodline of the spirit beast. After that, he would get a golden bubble, and he could sleep peacefully.
He needed to save his Daily Appraisal tomorrow to see what new abilities he would get.
The next morning, the spirit beast exclaimed as it looked at the Immortal
Peach Tree.
“Master, look! The Immortal Peach Tree changed again!” “Hmm.” Jiang Hao watched quietly.
At this moment, a golden bubble appeared beside the rabbit.
Jiang Hao was happy and relieved. His wait was over.
[Golden Legend +1]
Jiang Hao stood up and untied the spirit beast. “You are free now.”
“You can keep me tied for a few more days if you want, Master.”
Jiang Hao looked at the beast. “No.”
The spirit beast got up and ran to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Although Jiang Hao wanted to use the Daily Appraisal on the spirit east to ascertain its situation, he needed to save it to learn about the new ability that he might gain.
After storing the Immortal Peach Tree Seed, Jiang Hao collected two blue bubbles.
[Cultivation +1]
[Lifeblood +1]
The seed needed to be appraised before planting so he could understand and maintain the perfect conditions for its growth.
He opened his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 23]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might]
[Lifeblood: 37/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 37/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 1/3 (Cannot be obtained)]
[Golden Legend: 2/2 (Can be obtained)]
Jiang Hao chose the option to obtain the Golden Legend. In a hazy state, he saw himself standing on endless land.
The sky above had nine golden rings. The rings floated toward him. As each ring landed in his hand, the surrounding environment changed accordingly.
Mountains, seas, jungles, and clouds flashed by. The ninth ring finally descended on his hand, and Jiang Hao found himself back in his house.
He had a golden ring in his hand. There were eight other layers of rings inside.
‘It feels extraordinary, but I don’t have time to examine it.’
Jiang Hao put away the ring and walked up to the second floor. He needed sleep.
He sat cross-legged on the bed and took out the pill. The fragrance of the pull relieved the burden he felt. He closed his eyes and rested.
Jiang Hao didn’t dare lie down in bed. He didn’t want to be caught off guard.
Jiang Hao felt his consciousness becoming heavier. There was a spiritual energy and some sort of fragrance in the surroundings. It made it difficult to fall asleep.
The more disturbed he was, the more he wanted to sleep. Perhaps that would reveal some information about the poison.
After a long time, he fell into a deep sleep. Vaguely, he felt things around him invading his primordial spirit.
In an instant, he woke up again.
What surprised him was that he was not in his own room. He was at a vast lake, and a woman with long hair was washing her shoulder. Her back was exposed.
Jiang Hao thought of Hong Yuye. He thought that woman must be her.
The woman in the lake slowly stood up, and her long hair was swept back. She was just about to turn around.
If she turned around, she would see him. He would see her naked. Panic gripped his heart.
As he tried to step aside, he noticed that the land around the lake wasn’t filled with grass and trees. There were endless bones scattered everywhere, and the water was now rivulets of blood.
This sudden change shocked Jiang Hao, but he managed to remain calm. There was a divine ability faintly in his brow. The ring on his finger was also helping him.
‘My Primordial Spirit? Is that the poison?’
Without hesitation, he used the Daily Appraisal on himself. He was in the Primordial Spirit Realm, so the feedback might be different.
Soon, he got the feedback.
‘Well… seems like it’s possible..’