Chapter 209: Nine Rings Of Heaven And Earth
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Status: Afflicted with the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison and Bai Ye’s Heart Demon Technique. The Heart Demon Technique, created by Bai Ye, combines the minute toxins from the Golden Leaf Worm on the Tomorrow White Autumn Flower, the Bliss Poison of the Emotion Severing Grass, the humidity of the stream, the fragrance of the plants, and the fragrance of the Snow Lotus and Black Lotus Flower. There is a chance that it can be mixed into the Heart Demon Poison by the Blue Lotus Flower. When encountered by a sleeping person, it will erupt and form a Heart Demon. It can be countered by using the fragrance of Red Lotus Flower to neutralize the Golden Leaf Worm’s poison.]
Jiang Hao was stunned. The threat posed by Bai Ye far exceeded his expectations.
It turned out that the true influence wasn’t the Hundred Bones Forest’s spirit herbs or the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower, but the Golden Leaf Worm on the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower. For the past few days, Jiang Hao’s job had been to clear away the worms from that particular flower.
‘I was on guard against the wrong thing! Bai Ye used my own house and the spirit herbs to poison me so easily! I need to find out more about his situation.’
He had to inquire with Liu Xingchen if he wanted to find out more, but he needed a good excuse to ask the questions.
“Are you spying on me?” a voice asked from behind him.
Jiang Hao then remembered the woman he had seen in the lake.
He turned to look. She was submerged in the water up to her neck. She looked nervous.
Jiang Hao heaved a sigh of relief. It wasn’t Hong Yuye. It was Yun Ruo. He didn’t know why she was here.
“Are you the Heart Demon?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I’m not. I’m just…”
Before she could finish speaking, a flash of light slashed across the water.
Fresh blood splattered everywhere as Yun Ruo fell into the lake.
“Why would a Heart Demon accept that it was the Heart Demon?”
“You’re so cruel!” Yun Ruo’s body put itself together, but her face was all twisted. Her body was covered in blood.
She stared at Jiang Hao and stirred up the surrounding bones. The bones formed into skeletons and stared at Jiang Hao. The corners of their mouths twitched as they said, “You’re so cruel! Why did you kill me?”
“Just insignificant demons…”
Jiang Hao looked at Yun Ruo and activated Divine Might. Golden light radiated everywhere.
Clang!
A sword cry rang out as he gripped the Primordial Heavenly Sword. Purple aura spread out. The powerful aura suppressed everything, and the Heart Demons felt fear.
Some of them fled. Jiang Hao watched them calmly and then swung his sword.
“In the next life, don’t try to be the Heart Demons in my path.”
Boom!
One slash shattered the heavens and earth. The bones disintegrated and turned to dust. The sea of blood evaporated and disappeared. Finally, a ray of light pierced through the heavy darkness.
Jiang Hao opened his eyes. This time, he was in his room. He could still smell the fragrance of the medicinal pill.
He felt more at ease. Even his Primordial Spirit felt refreshed.
‘This pill is extraordinary.’
He closed the lid on the box. He didn’t need the pill to fight the Heart Demons, so he could use it next time.
Jiang Hao checked up on his body and spirit. Except for some consumption of spiritual energy, there was no major problem.
‘It’s fine to sleep now. If I encounter another Heart Demon, especially while advancing to the next stage, I don’t know how dangerous that would be…’
Jiang Hao still felt lingering fear. If he failed while advancing to the next stage, he would have wasted his lifeblood and cultivation. However, he would also suffer physical and psychic injuries.
“I need to buy some Red Lotus Flower seeds or the flower itself. I wonder how many spirit stones it will cost.”
He had only five hundred spirit stones left. By selling the talismans he had, he could get around seven hundred spirit stones.
Jiang Hao arrived at the Snow Lotus Pavilion.
“Red Lotus Flower?” The guide took out some seeds. “Red Lotus is very rare. You are lucky that there is one seed left. The price for this is five hundred spirit stones.”
Jiang Hao felt that every time he came here to buy something, he was cheated. Five hundred spirit stones for a Red Lotus Seed made sense, but it was still quite expensive.
He bought the seed. After that, he went to the market to sell some talismans and bought some spirit liquid. The guide at the Snow Lotus Pavilion told him that watering the seed with spirit liquid for seven days would be enough to make it sprout. Jiang Hao listened to her instructions.
The next day, he took out the golden ring he had obtained from the Golden Legend. It looked more like a bracelet than a ring worn on a finger. After refining it, he could control its size and shape.
He used Daily Appraisal on the ring.
[Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth: Spatial Treasure that can borrow the positions of heaven and earth. The main ring and the sub-rings can reach each other even if separated by heaven and earth. The sub-rings can only be used once a day.]
Jiang Hao was quite surprised. So, if there was a sub-ring hidden somewhere, could he go anywhere?
While refining it, he realized that it was a spatial treasure, but he didn’t expect that it could be used like this. It was unbelievable.
He wore the main ring on his wrist. He opened his hand, and the eight other rings floated in his palm.
Upon closer inspection, he found that the eight rings could be used for offense, defense, and other things. They could be used for more than their intended function.
He slammed one of the rings on the floor. The ring enlarged and imprinted a formation on the ground. Then he went outside to the courtyard and placed the second ring in the air to activate it.
After doing that, he communicated with the main ring and connected it to the sub-ring in his room.
He disappeared from the courtyard and reappeared in his room.
‘It’s instant teleportation!’ Jiang Hao marveled. He disappeared from his room again and appeared in the courtyard.
‘This is quite useful.’
With a ring in his room, he could return home in an instant, no matter where he was.
However, he didn’t know if it could withstand spatial blockades. Also, it took three breaths for the teleportation to happen. In urgent situations, it would probably be difficult to use.
But this was enough. If he had the time, he could use this ability and appear at his home.
After placing a golden ring in the room, Jiang Hao put the ring away in the courtyard.
‘What about the seven remaining rings?’
He didn’t know what to do with them. However, he could always store them in his storage treasure or in his ring.
Next, he had to appraise the beast, the pill, and the seed. He had been delayed by Bai Ye, so there were many things to catch up on.
The next day, Jiang Hao appraised the Immortal Peach Tree Seed. There wasn’t any difference in the feedback, except that the seed would take one less day to sprout.
After planting the seed, Jiang Hao patiently waited for seven days to harvest a purple bubble.
The following day, he appraised the spirit beast. The result was surprising. The beast could still be tied up to further awaken its bloodline. It would take 490 spirit stones and forty-nine days.
Jiang Hao still remembered that when he first caught it, it didn’t even have any intelligence. It used to be just an ordinary spirit beast.
Jiang Hao headed to the Spirit Herb Garden to find Xiao Li waiting for him.
“Senior Brother Jiang, you said you would give me this.” She pointed at the spirit beast’s collar.
“Why do you want that? It’s not useful to you.”
“The beast says it’s powerful when it has that,” Xiao Li said truthfully.
Jiang Hao sighed. How could she trust the spirit beast? It was always lying through its teeth.
At that moment, he suddenly felt a faint vibration from the stone tablet in his pocket. The second gathering was about to begin..