Chapter 210: Divine Pill
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation      Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The stone tablet trembled slightly. It indicated that the senior was summoning the members for a gathering.
He had occasionally checked the stone tablet but had always found only three people chatting among themselves.
The others hadn’t shown up yet. According to Gui, they were either in seclusion or busy doing something.
Jiang Hao doesn’t know much about these people. He didn’t even know their real identities.
For example, all he knew about Gui was that she was trying to find a dragon.
Jiang Hao didn’t rush to check the stone tablet. He looked at Xiao Li.
He wouldn’t give her a collar. He couldn’t agree to it!
Jiang Hao didn’t know why Xiao Li wanted something like that. However, it was better to find something and give it to her to keep her quiet.
After hesitating for a moment, he reached out and took out the second sub-ring. He tossed it to her. “Refine it and keep it. It can be used as an offensive or defensive treasure.”
Xiao Li looked delighted. After refining it for half a day, she came running to show Jiang Hao. She was wearing it around her neck.
“Take it off. Wear it on your wrist instead,” said Jiang Hao.
Xiao Li reluctantly took it off and wore it on her wrist.
The spirit beast looked at the bracelet and turned to Jiang Hao. “Master, give me one too.”
“Next time,” Jiang Hao said.
There were only eight sub-rings in total, and one needed to be kept in the courtyard, just in case. Xiao Li probably wouldn’t use the one he gave her.
Now there were only six left, and giving one to the beast would mean he would only have five rings left.
The sub-rings needed to activate the door to let him pass. He hadn’t told Xiao Li about that.
If he told her that it could be used for teleportation, he might not be entirely free of her in the future.
After taking care of Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower once again, Jiang Hao returned to his house.
These flowers often produced green bubbles. They weren’t even as good as white bubbles! The green bubbles usually gave out spirit swords, which were of no use and only took up space.
He could only sell them after accumulating them.
In the courtyard, Jiang Hao looked at the area where he had planted the Immortal Peach Tree Seed. Everything was settled for now. He had to wait for the Red Lotus to bloom.
Now, there were only two things that needed to be done quickly. That was to appraise the medicinal pill that Hong Yuye had given him and ask Liu Xingchen about Bai Ye.
He went into his house and checked the stone tablet. There was a message informing everyone that the meeting would be held in seven days at midnight. ‘It’s been a while since the last meeting… This is good. I can find out more!’
‘It’s been a while since the last meeting… This is good. I can find out more!’
‘But what should I do this time? I don’t participate in chats, and I am rarely active in the gathering. This way, I will just be forgotten..
He hesitated a while. Perhaps he could reveal some information about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
He needed to get the group’s approval somehow. Otherwise, he won’t be able to continue undercover.
The next day, Jiang Hao took out the medicinal pill and used Daily Appraisal on it.
[Red Feather Divine Pill: Sacred medicine for healing injuries, nourishing the soul, dispelling evil, breaking curses, and annihilating inner demons. It has the potential to save anyone with a breath or a trace of a soul. This medicine is almost ineffective against the dragon’s bloodline.]
“What kind of pill is this?” Jiang Hao felt shocked. Hong Yuye always gave him extraordinary items.
The things she had given him so far were so priceless that they couldn’t be bought with spirit stones alone.
Whether it’s the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, the Light and Dust technique, or the nameless manual, they were all invaluable. He couldn’t find such things on the market.
The Snow God Pill and this Red Feather Divine Pill are even more extraordinary.
‘Who exactly is she?’
Jiang Hao looked at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and the Immortal Peach Tree. She had claimed those too. Did she get all the good things by stealing them from others?
Jiang Hao felt that his chance to escape the demoness’ grasp was becoming more and more elusive.
‘I still need to become stronger. Whether I can escape or not is one thing, but I must have control over my own life at least!’
He thought of going to the mines. He could be sent there as punishment. He didn’t want to go voluntarily. It was very difficult to escape the mines if one volunteered to work there.
Also, if Hong Yuye found out that he had gone to the mines of his own volition, he would be in trouble.
Putting away the Red Feather Divine Pill, he decided to go to the library to find out more about the pill.
If he was desperate for spirit stones, he could sell it in the future. For that, he needed to know just how valuable this pill was.
However, one thing was surprising. The pill supposedly had no influence or effect on those from the dragon bloodline.
‘I wonder why…’
Three days later, the Red Lotus sprouted. Jiang Hao didn’t feel anything different. However, when he took a nap, he realized that the Heart Demon’s Poison was gone! It seemed that the flower was very effective against the poison.
Two more days passed, and the Immortal Peach Tree sprouted. He found a purple bubble beside it.
[Divine Fragment +1]
He now had two divine fragments. If everything went well, he would have another divine fragment next year.
If he could achieve all nine incarnations, he could get three divine fragments!
Another day had passed. Jiang Hao stood on his balcony at midnight and looked at the courtyard below. The spirit beast was lying on the ground and staring at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Every night, it guarded the flower. It also wanted to eat it.
‘I wonder if it will really eat it someday.’
Jiang Hao shook his head. If it takes a bite, the flower will be fine, but the beast won’t survive.
Back in his room, Jiang Hao took out the stone tablet. It was time to enter it to
find out what the gathering was about.
Jiang Hao entered the public area of the stone tablet. It was still the same place, with the same five people as before.
In the front sat Dan Yuan and beside him were three individuals: Gui, Liu, and
Xing.
“Greetings, Senior,” they said and bowed.
“It’s been a while.” Dan Yuan looked at the four of them and smiled. “It’s only four of you once again. Do you have any questions about cultivation?”
“Senior, I have a question. Is the spiritual technique of the Heavenly Saint Sect suitable for cultivation?” asked Gui.
“Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique?” Dan Yuan asked. “It depends on your purpose. The Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique doesn’t have any other use than to temper the spirit. It doesn’t have a spiritual clone like the Great Thousand Spiritual Technique, nor does it have the phenomenon of the Sun and Moon Spiritual Technique. If you want to temper your mind, it can be useful. The Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique isn’t considered top-notch, but it’s acceptable in the southern region. In particular, the Heavenly Saint Spiritual spells are the most compatible with other spiritual spells. There are no obstacles to switching to other spiritual spells, and you can cultivate it alongside other spiritual techniques.”
Gui thanked him. Liu and Xing also had some questions.
Jiang Hao hesitated a moment and then shook his head. He didn’t have any questions today.
He didn’t cultivate any spiritual techniques, and his cultivation technique was the Hong Meng Heart Sutra, which he had no problems with. He had asked about a certain pill last time. This time, he had nothing he needed to know.
The others didn’t say anything about it either. Not everyone encountered problems with cultivation.
“Now, let’s talk about the matter that we discussed last time.” Dan Yuan looked at everyone.
“Do any of you have relevant information about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao
Flower?”
Liu provided some information, but it was mostly rumors about the flower’s origin.
Xing remained silent.
Gui glanced at Jiang Hao once and then turned to Dan Yuan. “Although I don’t know much about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, I do know where to find it. ”
Jiang Hao was suspicious. He wondered why she had glanced at him before she spoke..