Chapter 211: A Test From The Gathering
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The sky was boundless. Jiang Hao sat cross-legged and remained calm. Gui had glanced at him before saying she knew about the whereabouts of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It made Jiang Hao feel like she knew about his identity.
However, that was impossible! Only he and Hong Yuye knew about this undercover mission. No one else could have guessed that he was involved. Besides himself, the only person who knew about his undercover mission here was Hong Yuye. Others couldn’t possibly be aware.
When Gui finished speaking, others looked at her in shock.
Dan Yuan was also surprised. “Oh?” he said.
“I wonder if you have heard anything about it, Friend Jing,” said Gui.
“Why would you think I would know about it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Because if you live in the south and have connections, you might know a thing or two about such a big thing,” said Gui.
She looked at Dan Yuan. “I contacted some friends and found out that there is indeed a Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in the southern region. I think I can guess where it is.”
“Senior, may I speak candidly?” asked Gui.
“If you’re not worried about the others finding out, you can speak freely.” Dan Yuan smiled.
The others listened quietly. This was valuable information that they were getting for free.
“Heavenly Note Sect,” Gui said solemnly. “After multiple investigations, I have concluded that there is a ninety percent chance that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in the Heavenly Note Sect. It seems that there are some related treasures that can reveal the whereabouts of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao
Flower in the Heavenly Note Sect.”
Jiang Hao understood why she had glanced at him. If he could find the location of the flower, then it would mean he had considerable influence.
The southern region was vast, with various powerful sects. There were countless disciples in the Primordial Spirit Realm or above. Jiang Hao didn’t really have a network or connections. He raised the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, but he couldn’t really tell them about it.
‘It seems I have to make them believe that I’m reliable. Otherwise, they will just look down on me.’
“Heavenly Note Sect?” Dan Yuan was doubtful. “I passed by the Hidden Cloud
Prefecture many years ago. The Heavenly Note Sect was a very small sect at that time.”
“It used to be a small sect indeed, but it rose rapidly in recent decades and is now considered a big sect when it comes to members and the scale of influence. However, it lacks a strong foundation. I heard that the reason behind the Heavenly Note Sect’s rise is their Sect Master, Tianyin Hong. It is said that this person is incredibly powerful. The more battles they fought, the stronger they became. The person is shrouded in mystery,” said Gui.
“There are many sects in the southern region, right? There are Azure
Mountain, the Sunset Immortal Sect, and the Blackheaven Sect. Haven’t they tried to find out more about the flower?” asked Xing.
Gui shrugged.
“Do you have any understanding of that area, Jing?” asked Dan Yuan.
Jiang Hao shook his head. He had already claimed not to know anything about it, so there was no point in revealing it now. It might backfire.
After a moment, Dan Yuan turned to Gui. “Someone will go to the Heavenly Note Sect to confirm this. If it’s true, you can tell me what you want, and I’ll try to give it to you. If the person finds some clues, I can still provide you with the help you need. But if the information is wrong, we’ll have to wait for another opportunity to find out more.”
Gui nodded.
“I don’t have anything else to talk about for now.” Dan Yuan looked at the four people.
After that, they talked among themselves.
“Which one of you has the Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique?” asked Gui.
“Give me some time, and I can obtain it for you. If others can get it faster, that would be fine with me.”
Gui looked at the other two people.
Xing shook his head.
“I have it,” said Jiang Hao slowly.
Since he was going undercover, he had to make a deal with them. He needed to make them trust him.
Jiang Hao was worried about what Dan Yuan had said. Somebody would be coming to the Heavenly Note Sect to confirm the whereabouts of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
“What do you want in exchange?” Gui asked.
“The Star-Moon Cultivation Technique,” said Jiang Hao.
Gui frowned and looked at Xing.
“I have it, but it’s only till the Golden Core Realm,” said Xing.
Gui and Xing turned to Jiang Hao.
“That’s fine with me,” said Jiang Hao.
He didn’t know what he wanted for himself. He just recalled that he lacked the Star-Moon Cultivation Technique after the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. So, he just wanted to try his luck and see if they had it.
‘The Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique that I gave to Lin Zhi is barely enough to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm. With this, he can cultivate up to the Golden Core Realm. He can decide what he wants to do after that.’
“In that case, I want the Greater World Mental Energy Technique,” said Xing.
“Deal.” Gui nodded.
While Jiang Hao was still wondering how to hand over the technique, Dan Yuan waved his hand, and each of them had a stone tablet in front of them. “You can imprint the content on it. If you forget, you can exchange it again next time,” a voice reminded them.
Jiang Hao nodded and reached out to touch the stone tablet. Soon, he recalled the content of the Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique.
After a while, he withdrew his hand. Fortunately, his divine sense remembered these things quite clearly, especially after going through them once.
As Jiang Hao finished, the stone tablet flew to Gui. Gui’s stone tablet flew to Xing, and Xing’s stone tablet floated to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao touched the stone tablet. He saw the technique appear before his eyes, and the words flew toward him.
He gained a deeper understanding of the Star-Moon Cultivation Technique. He also confirmed that the technique given to him was genuine and had no flaws.
These stone tablets were treasures.
As the transaction concluded, Gui turned to Jiang Hao. “Friend Jing, there’s one more thing I would like to ask for your help with. I have been chasing after a dragon lately, and it may have fled to the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. I can’t travel there right now. Can I ask for your assistance? I will provide the location.
We can discuss the rewards later.”
“Okay.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Jiang Hao understood that Gui was testing him, so he couldn’t refuse. If I refuse, they might get offended and not include him in their discussions
He had no choice but to agree.
As for how he could handle such a task, he could only wait and see.
Right now, making a good impression and staying out was important. 1–1( couldn’t be kicked out after coming so far.
If his undercover mission failed, he didn’t know what Hong Yuye would him.
“There’s something I need to remind you of,” Liu suddenly said. “I heard something while I was overseas. It is said that the Heavenly Fate Misfort Pearl has reappeared, but the specific location is still unknown.”
“Now that you mention it, I also recall that some sects have been on edg€ lately. They say that disaster is imminent. They might be referring to He Fate Misfortune Pearl,” said Xing.
“Is the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl that terrifying?” Gui asked.
The group turned their gazes toward Dan Yuan. Jiang Hao followed suit, immersing himself in the conversation to blend in..