Chapter 212: Delighted to Meet the Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
They all looked at the calm Dan Yuan. He appeared at ease and exuded great power. It seemed that nothing could faze him.
For a moment, Jiang Hao was curious about how strong this person was. He might not be as strong as Hong Yuye.
“The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl is a dangerous object. Once it appears in the world, it will bring about a crisis. Its origins trace back to ancient times, and its formation led to the crumbling of the earth. Forget about small sects… even huge sects like the Clear Sky School might not be able to withstand the effect of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. The best way to prepare to withstand it is to find a way to seal it. Some people seek it out to use it. They might want to find out its whereabouts through us. But it’s best for us not to get involved in this matter. Even sensing the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl near us will have an immense impact. If you encounter it, it is best to quickly get away and inform others so that sects like Clear Sky School can suppress and seal it. We should stay away.”
Jiang Hao was quite surprised to hear that. Dan Yuan’s first thought was to be safe in instances like these.
“Well… If there’s nothing else, we’ll meet next time,” Dan Yuan said to everyone.
After seeing Dan Yuan leave, Jiang Hao also left the chat.
Gui told him that she would contact him soon with the details.
Jiang Hao nodded. He felt bitter that he couldn’t really leave the sect.
Exiting the stone tablet, Jiang Hao looked out of the balcony. The starry sky and the silvery moonlight illuminated everything.
“I hope Gui can delay for a while.” Jiang Hao sighed.
He thought about the latest gathering. He had gained some important information from it.
Liu was well-informed about overseas matters but nothing else.
Xing was in the eastern region and might have some connection with the Bright Moon Sect.
Gui was the same as last time. She was from the Heavenly South Prefecture and might have some connection to either the Heavenly Saint Sect, the Sunset Immortal Sect, or the Blackheaven Sect.
Since she didn’t already have the Heavenly Saint Spiritual Technique, it was unlikely that she was from the Heavenly Saint Sect. She must be from either the Sunset Immortal Sect or the Blackheaven Sect. She was the only one who knew about the location of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
‘She might not be unable to travel to Hidden Cloud Prefecture. She intentionallv wants me to do her work so that she can find out mv exact
location…
Although he had the Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth, who would help him take the ring somewhere else so that he could travel undetected?
He couldn’t ask Xiao Li or the spirit beast…
Lying on the bed, Jiang Hao looked at the ceiling with a frown. ‘Dan Yuan also said someone will be visiting the Heavenly Note Sect to verify Gui’s information. That is troublesome…’
If the person was powerful, they would be able to find the location easily and reveal his identity too. He had to inform Hong Yuye.
After all, she claimed the flower as her own. From Dan Yuan’s words, it was evident that the visitor wouldn’t hesitate to act against the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao sat up. “How will I inform Hong Yuye?”
Hong Yuye always visited him out of the blue. He had never called her over.
Jiang Hao sighed. He hoped she would appear soon.
Hong Yuye might have sensed something. It was highly likely that she would come to find him soon.
He couldn’t do anything about that. So, he got up and started making talismans. He was almost penniless now and needed to sell more talismans.
The Red Lotus gave no blue bubbles. It was expensive to buy. He didn’t know if it would give off blue bubbles in the future.
Early the next morning, Jiang Hao put down his brush. He had made a Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman. He planned to continue to learn about new talismans.
‘Now that I think about it, I haven’t seen Senior Sister Leng Tian in so long… The spirit beast said a woman had visited and called for him. It might have been her.’
From the people who visited him, it would be either Zhou Chan or Leng Tian. Since the spirit beast already recognized Ming Yi, and Zhou Chan had already met him, the only one left was Leng Tian.
As he walked out of the room, Jiang Hao saw the beast still staring fondly at the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Its tongue almost reached the petals.
He walked over and intended to kick some sense into the beast. However, just as he was about to swing his foot, he realized that the beast had disappeared from its spot.
Then a white figure appeared, bloodied and bruised. The beast was hanging from the ceiling.
Jiang Hao was astonished. It had happened too quickly.
“Do you think tomorrow it may be you hanging in place of that beast?” said a voice behind him.
Jiang Hao turned and saw a beautiful figure standing in his courtyard. She wore a red and white dress.
“Greetings, Senior.” Jiang Hao felt glad to see her today.
As for the threat, he didn’t know what to say. She might actually hang him from the ceiling if he failed in his job.
“This is the first time I find you so happy to see me, ” said Hong Yuye in amusement.
Jiang Hao tried to remain calm.
“I attended the secret gathering on the stone tablet. They know that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in the Heavenly Note Sect. According to Dan
Yuan, someone will come to investigate soon. In their eyes, the Heavenly Note
Sect is just a small sect. I think he wants to send someone to take away the
Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
Hong Yuye sat in her chair. “Hmm… What are you worried about?”
“The person might be powerful, and perhaps the Heavenly Note Sect won’t be able to defend the flower,” Jiang Hao said in concern.
“Then… will you defend it?” Hong Yuye asked with a smile.
Jiang Hao’s mouth twitched. “As a late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, I have the intention but lack the ability.”
He simply didn’t have that kind of strength.
“Are you suggesting that I take action?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao nodded. “After all, it is your flower, Senior.”
“That’s true.” Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao. “Are you worried that my flowers will be taken away, or that you will be taken away?”
“Of course, the former, Senior,” said Jiang Hao half-heartedly.
The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was very important to him, but he wouldn’t give his life for it. He needed to defend himself.
“Your lies are getting weaker,” said Hong Yuye. She waited for Jiang Hao to brew some tea..