Chapter 213: How Do You Plan To Thank Me?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After a while, Hong Yuye picked up the teacup and took a sniff.
“The Thousand Flower Snow tea has a better scent than the Red Sleeve tea and the Snow Queen Spring.”
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. Thousand Flower Snow tea cost 200 spirit stones, and he had already bought some beforehand. He hadn’t brewed it until now.
“Besides someone trying to steal my flower, is there anything else?” asked Hong Yuye after a while.
Jiang Hao hesitated and decided not to tell her about the task Gui was going to give him. That matter was related to him alone, and Hong Yuye probably wouldn’t get involved in it.
He needed to find himself a suitable undercover route and blend in with the group.
Reclusive, powerful, and mysterious—that was what he had to make himself appear as. As long as they thought he was all of those things, things would go smoothly. However, he had to make sure he didn’t steal the limelight from Dan Yuan in the process.
“There is nothing else that is important, but I have some guesses about their backgrounds,” Jiang Hao said.
Hong Yuye wasn’t interested. After finishing her tea, she walked to the bathroom, glanced at the wooden tub, and then returned to the second-floor balcony. Jiang Hao stood behind her. He didn’t want to stand beside her and get pushed down like last time.
“What about your condition? Are you cured of the poison?” she asked.
“Yes, Senior. Thank you.”
“In that case…” Hong Yuye turned around and looked at Jiang Hao with a smile.
“How do you plan to thank me?”
That caught Jiang Hao off guard.
“Soon, I will come to take a bath here. Prepare silver moon flower petals for me,” Hong Yuye said. “Any problem?”
“Um…” Jiang Hao felt a bit worried. He didn’t know how many spirit stones the silver moon flower petals would cost. Just as he hesitated, an overwhelming aura oppressed him.
“No problem,” he hurriedly replied.
“Good.” Hong Yuye smiled and disappeared in a red shadow. “If you’re not prepared, I’ll shred a layer of your skin.”
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief as she disappeared. He hadn’t thought about thanking her.
Hong Yuye’s cold demeanor had made him act in the same way. He sighed and decided to inquire about silver moon petals. He hoped the price wouldn’t be outrageous.
He headed to the Snow Lotus Pavilion.
“Ten spirit stones?” Jiang Hao was quite surprised by the price. It was cheap. But soon, he realized that he had misunderstood. “It’s for one petal. We usually sell them in sets of ninety-nine petals.”
In other words, it was 990 spirit stones for one set. “Can I take a look at the petals?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Of course.”
The flower petals were pure white but not very large. Jiang Hao estimated that it would take about nine petals to fill his palm. The wooden tub would require thirty to forty handfuls of petals to fill everything.
In other words, he would need about three thousand spirit stones.
Compared to the information about the poison, spending three thousand spirit stones was nothing. He could have been dead by now.
Leaving the Snow Lotus Pavilion, Jiang Hao decided to sell the talismans he had recently made. Tomorrow, he would start making more powerful talismans, which would bring him more spirit stones. He decided to buy a set of ninety-nine petals first to ensure he had them in case Hong Yuye suddenly appeared.
While setting up his stall, a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator walked in front of Jiang Hao’s stall and observed the talismans. “Do you have the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman?” he asked.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “For now, no.”
“If you don’t have it, just say so. What do you mean by “for now”? Do you expect me to believe that a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator could make the Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans?” said Duan Guan as he stared coldly at Jiang Hao. “Be more practical when doing business and don’t be so presumptuous.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He wondered if the person was doing this on purpose to provoke him. ‘Is he from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion?’
“I’ll take ten Healing Talismans and ten Ten Thousand Swords Talismans.” Duan Guan threw down six hundred spirit stones, picked up the talismans, and turned to leave.
Watching the person leave, Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh wearily. The customer seemed hard to get along with but seemed to have a lot of spirit stones. They didn’t have any grudges against each other, so why was he acting that way?
Finally, he took out six Healing Talismans and six Ten Thousand Swords Talismans and laid them on display.
He still had around ten talismans remaining. They were not easy to sell. After a long time, he only managed to sell five talismans, totaling 750 spirit stones. He still needed two hundred more to buy the flower petals. He thought that if he came back tomorrow, he could earn enough.
On his way back, Jiang Hao unexpectedly ran into Liu Xingchen.
“It’s been a long time since I last saw you, Junior Brother Jiang,” Liu Xingchen said.
“Greetings, Senior Brother Liu. It’s been quite a while,” Jiang Hao replied politely.
“I’ve been busy with the affairs relating to the heavenly Saint Sect. Thankfully, we managed to kill and capture some enemies, and we also caught the traitor who leaked information. The Hall of Merit has listed the top ten rankings for this achievement. Congratulations, Junior Brother Jiang, for not making it to the top ten this time.”
“Senior Brother must be joking. Last time was just an accident.”
“But your achievements are not insignificant. You ventured into the Devil’s Den. I’m sure you’ve gotten some benefits from it. This time, I did see someone in the top ten who seemed interesting,” said Liu Xingchen. “Do you remember Bai Ye?”
Jiang Hao’s heart missed a beat at the name, but he remained calm.
“I remember,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
“Bai Ye used to keep a low profile, but since the Heavenly Saint Sect’s attack, he has been pretty active. He made it to the top five. I also found out about his cultivation realm. He is in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. I think he was trying to make it to the top ten,” said Liu Xingchen in admiration.
‘Late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm..
He was two stages higher than Jiang Hao. He needed to wait a bit longer to reach that stage.
He was in the top five because of his contributions. If he were harmed, it would be troublesome for Jiang Hao. The Law Enforcement Hall would seriously investigate the matter.
‘I will wait a few years until I can reach the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm…
Now that Bai Ye was in the top five, the consequences of killing or harming him would be unimaginable.
Jiang Hao realized that the rules of the Heavenly Note Sect protected him, but they also restrained him from taking action against others.
However, there was one thing he had to be careful about. He had to make sure Bai Ye was no longer on the top ten disciples list. Otherwise, it would be even more difficult to deal with him.
“So… just reaching the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm is enough to get into the list as the tenth top disciple of the sect?” Jiang Hao asked.
As far as Jiang Hao could remember, Man Long had held the tenth position for the longest time. He was the only senior Jiang Hao knew from that list. He had hardly heard of the others.
“In theory, yes. But it might not always be like that. The tenth-ranking top disciple, Man Long, is now at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. However, it was you who helped capture Xuanyuan Tai, and he reaped the benefits and rewards. Those rewards and resources helped him advance to the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. So now, if you want to pursue the position of the tenth-ranking top disciple, you need to be at least at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm or beyond. Achievements may earn you points, but strength is most important. Bai Ye is probably older than Man Long, so he’s at a disadvantage. I heard that he is close to advancing to the next stage,” Liu Xingchen explained.
“The tenth-ranking disciple is already at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm?! What about the one who ranks first?” asked Jiang Hao. The gap in strength was too huge.
“The first disciple is said to be a senior from White Moon Lake. She might have already transcended the Spiritual Refinement Realm,” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao couldn’t believe it. “The difference between the top ten disciples themselves is so great!”
Liu Xingchen smiled. “Sometimes, the first place is far ahead. Unfortunately, my strength is still not enough. Otherwise, I would also like to pursue the position of one of the top ten disciples. I heard they have many privileges and even the possibility of receiving personal guidance from the Sect Master.”
The top ten senior disciples attracted a lot of attention. However, they could keep the sect safe with that kind of strength.
Jiang Hao thought for a while. It was difficult to make it to the top ten when such talented people were already too far ahead..