Chapter 214: Breaking All Laws With A Single Strike
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Becoming one ot the top ten disciples had its perk. It he could reach that level by increasing his cultivation, he would have thought about it.
However, as far as anyone was concerned, he was in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. To suddenly advance to the Primordial Spirit Realm would arouse suspicion.
It was difficult to become one of the top ten disciples. But if he could somehow manage it, his status would be elevated, and he would encounter fewer troubles.
Even the Pavilion Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion wouldn’t dare take action against him. The only problem was that he would be on some people’s radar.
It would be quite useless to reach that status. If he continued to keep a low profile, others would seek him out to cause trouble.
For example, people kept causing problems in the Spirit Herb Garden.
However, if he were to become one of the top ten disciples, who would dare go against him or cause trouble at the Spirit Herb Garden?
Would Bai Ye have the audacity to use various techniques against him at that time?
“Is it possible for Bai Ye to succeed?” Jiang Hao suddenly asked.
Currently, he was no match for Bai Ye, and it would be difficult to stop him if he were to make a breakthrough now.
Bai Ye’s techniques were too powerful. Even Manlong might not be a match for him.
“I know very little about Bai Ye, since he rarely goes out. But as for whether he can succeed or not, I do have some guesses,” Liu Xingchen casually said. “I think it is difficult for Bai Ye to succeed. When I was investigating the traitor, I encountered Manlong, and we chatted for a while. He said that Bai Ye is not an easy person to provoke. Although his cultivation level is average, if someone wants to defeat him in his own domain, they will have to go all out, and even then, the odds would be three to seven, with Bai Ye having the advantage. If you take him into an unfamiliar environment, even Manlong could defeat him barehanded.”
“When challenging the top ten disciples, the location is chosen by the challenger. So, even if Manlong loses this time, he could defeat Bai Ye the following year and reclaim his position as one of the top ten disciples. As for Bai Ye, he can’t afford to lose.”
Jiang Hao nodded.
Even if he knew where Bai Ye was, he couldn’t just go there. He didn’t know what technique Bai Ye would use in his own territory. That was troublesome.
However, it seemed Bai Ye wasn’t very talented in cultivation. He must be using other means to advance in his cultivation realm. Jiang Hao recalled the nutrient bead from before.
‘If he continues his research like this, how terrifying would he become in the future?’ wondered Jiang Hao.
For him, Bai Ye was far more terrifying than Manlong.
Jiang Hao understood Manlong a little. He advanced fast and had talent. However, Bai Ye was a different matter. Jiang Hao couldn’t see through him at all.
Most importantly, Manlong hadn’t attacked him, but Bai Ye had.
“Does one have to be a direct disciple to become one of the top ten disciples?” Jiang Hao asked.
“No.” Liu Xingchen smiled. “Anyone from the inner sect is fine as well, as long as they are strong enough and not too old. However, it was not easy to become the lead disciple. Even if he won the ranking of the tenth disciple, he would still have to take the first three tests.’
Jiang Hao had a rough understanding of the situation. The top ten disciples were definitely very powerful. He could strive for that kind of goal, where he could become so powerful that he could break all laws with a single strike and remain unscathed. However, it wasn’t time yet.
With the speed of his advancement and Han Ming as a competitor, he had a chance. It would be good if he could always be above Han Ming.
Junior Brother Jiang, do you plan to go out of the sect in the near future?” asked Liu Xingchen. “The Law Enforcement Hall asked me to inquire.”
“I don’t have any plans of going out.” Jiang Hao was surprised. “Why would they suddenly ask me that?”
“They want to earn money from you, Junior Brother Jiang. You’ve done well.
They’re worried that they won’t be able to earn money if you’re off the list. After all, judging from the last mission, Law Enforcement Hall had made a killing. Although it was just a few thousand spirit stones, you returned the money very quickly. They were impressed.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. If it wasn’t for Liu Xingchen, he wouldn’t have been able to stay on the watch list.
“If there’s a chance, I’ll look for traitors and try to build a relationship with them.’
After that, Liu Xingchen said goodbye and left.
‘I need to think about what to do with Bai Ye. He might win. If he has a backup plan, Manlong might not be able to snatch back his position even next year,’ thought Jiang Hao. ‘No one knows what kinds of benefits Bai Ye would receive. He manipulated everything by learning about the environment. If I seal my five senses, will I be safe from him?’
Along the way, Jiang Hao thought of ways to deal with Bai Ye. Jiang Hao realized that he needed to get stronger. In the face of absolute strength, all methods and techniques were useless.
Right now, he was still weak. He could withstand Bai Ye’s constant stealthy attacks, but he was unable to launch a counterattack.
Jiang Hao thought of Liu Xingchen. Liu Xingchen was not far from advancing to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He should reach the late stage soon.
At that time, he might even become one of the top ten disciples. From the looks of it, that might be a good thing.
The stronger Liu Xingchen was, the easier it would be for him to help Jiang Hao. The only thing he needed to be cautious about was to prevent Liu Xingchen from pulling him into trouble.
When Jiang Hao reached the Spirit Herb Garden of the Cliff of Broken Hearts, he saw two Golden Core Realm cultivators standing at the entrance. One of them seemed a little tipsy. The other one had a tanned complexion. The former was a man, and the latter was a woman.
Jiang Hao had seen these two people before. The one who was a little drunk was Jiu Wu, and the dark-skinned one was called Fei Zhu. Both of them were True Disciples of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“Greetings, Seniors,” said Jiang Hao politely.
It wasn’t unusual for seniors to visit the garden. He didn’t pay much attention to them.
They didn’t pay any attention to him either. They just nodded.
Jiang Hao entered the garden.
Jiu Wu narrowed his eyes. “Isn’t that Jiang Hao who once made it to the top ten disciples list?”
“Yes, it’s him. He manages the Spirit Herb Garden. He was lucky to encounter some good things when he ventured out of the sect. Now, he is in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm,” said Fei Zhu.
“Perhaps he relies on his luck since he knows his own abilities are not good enough. Staying here is safer for him,” Jiu Wu said.
“Yes, I heard that he is a bit righteous and very naive. It’s better for him to stay here.” Fei Zhu nodded.
They didn’t discuss him further. Jiang Hao was just like any other ordinary disciple, after all. He might not even be here next time.
That’s how it was on the path of cultivation. People you used to know would disappear without a trace. Never to be seen again..