Chapter 215: The Demoness Kills with a Flick Of A Finger
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao paid no attention to what others felt about him. If he constantly cared about the opinions of others, he would not be able to cultivate in peace.
The sect was vast, and the majority of people who knew him did not like him. Their words were mostly unpleasant. It was best to ignore them.
He had ignored them for many years. As long as others didn’t pay attention to him, he was good.
He saw Ning Xuan in the Spirit Herb Garden. He had met her before in the Devil’s Den. She was talking to another senior in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao greeted them respectfully when he reached them.
Watching them leave, Jiang Hao was somewhat concerned. Judging from their actions, it seemed that they were planning to do something in the Spirit Herb
Garden.
‘I hope they don’t bring me any trouble.’
After thinking about it for a moment, he started tending to the spirit herbs.
Cheng Chou suddenly ran up to Jiang Hao. “Senior Brother Jiang, there is one
spirit herb in very poor condition.”
Jiang Hao was not surprised. Such things were common in the Spirit Herb Garden.
After some investigation, he found that it was a newly transplanted spirit herb that was not adapting well to the soil and spiritual energy.
“No need to worry.” Jiang Hao began to tend to the spirit herb. He suddenly remembered something. “Is it the end of the year already?”
“Yes. It’s December.” Cheng Chou nodded.
“You can inform Junior Sister Xiao Li that she can leave in half a month for her visit. ”
Cheng Chou seemed skeptical but still nodded in agreement.
After tending to the spirit herbs, Jiang Hao observed Cheng Chou for a moment. “Although it’s a bit rushed, it should be enough. Before you set off, I’ll assist you in your advancement.”
Cheng Chou was startled. He bowed to Jiang Hao gratefully. “Thank you, Senior Brother Jiang.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything more.
Initially, he had no plans to guide Cheng Chou.
When he was taken away by the people from the Law Enforcement Hall, the spirit beast had found him in a cell and helped him.
It was only at that time that he decided to guide Cheng Chou in his cultivation.
Cheng Chou had been reliable and helpful. Jiang Hao couldn’t send Xiao Li out for a visit to her house alone, after all.
Jiang Hao felt that helping Cheng Chou was the right thing to do.
Cheng Chou finished his work with an anxious heart. When he returned home, he doubted whether he had imagined the whole thing.
At the same time, he felt that Jiang Hao had offered to help just as a formality. Such empty promises were common in a demonic sect.
When the time came, they always had excuses.
However, his expectations and anticipation grew. He was looking forward to advancing to the Foundation Establishment Realm.
The happiness almost made him forget himself.
Fortunately, after spending a long time with Jiang Hao, he had learned to contain his happiness and appear indifferent.
“Senior Brother Cheng, what’s making you so happy?” Lin Shan, a cultivator at the eighth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, looked at Cheng Chou and smiled.
Cheng Chou touched his face and hastily said, “Nothing… nothing.”
“Nothing? I thought you were going to laugh. It seems like something great has happened.” Lin Shan chuckled.
Cheng Chou felt quite embarrassed. “Where is Junior Sister Xiao Li?”
“She just came out of the cafeteria and probably went somewhere else for a stroll.” Lin Shan sighed. “Junior Sister Xiao Li is really something. She treats this place like her own backyard, without any concerns. Others can only dream of something like that.”
Cheng Chou nodded.
Xiao Li had been like that from the beginning. Although she listened to Senior Brother Jiang, she didn’t care about others at all.
The other inner sect disciples rarely came to the area, so nobody paid any attention to loiterers.
Cheng Chou was curious whether Xiao Li would successfully advance to the fourth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm this time. If she could, there was an 80-90% chance that Junior Sister Xiao Li would become a True Disciple.
Thinking about Xiao Li’s terrifying abilities, Cheng Chou’s joy wilted in his heart.
‘Calm down,’ he thought to himself. ‘You will be stronger once you reach the
Foundation Establishment Realm.’
He had to stay on guard and avoid trouble. After bidding farewell to Lin Shan, he went to look for Xiao Li.
In the distant woods, Jiang Hao stood on a tree branch, gazing at Cheng Chou.
“Master, what are you looking at?” the beast asked. “I’m observing a person,” Jiang Hao said.
“Are they good or bad?”
“They’re okay.” Jiang Hao turned around and walked away. The rabbit quickly followed. “Master, how about observing me?”
Jiang Hao glanced at the beast and chuckled.
In the following days, Jiang Hao occasionally observed Cheng Chou and talked to him to ask about the situation outside the sect. He found no problems at all.. until the seventh day.
After Jiang Hao finished watering the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he felt a sense of impending disaster.
Anxiety arose in his heart, as if a presence far beyond his strength had locked onto him.
‘They’re here.’
Jiang Hao suppressed his fear and quickly left the courtyard. He headed toward his master’s house.
He had to seek his master’s help if he wanted to survive. However, no matter how fast he walked, the inexplicable feeling continued to surround him.
‘What level of existence is this?’
Just the aura was enough to overpower him.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra was operating by default. He couldn’t sense the enemy or escape.
‘Where are they?’ Jiang Hao searched around. But still, he found nothing.
He realized that he couldn’t face this person directly, even if they were after the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He couldn’t do anything.
At the same time, at the Hundred Flowers Lake, Baizhi knelt in front of Hong
Yuye.
“Sect Master.”
As the Acting Sect Master, and an Elder, Baizhi would never retreat in the face of a challenge.
“The person is quite strong.” Hong Yuye was sitting in the pavilion.
“The Guardian Array has already been activated. All that’s left is for the Sect Master to give an order,” Baizhi said, bowing her head.
“The person is from the northern region. We don’t know which sect he belongs to.” Hong Yuye poured herself a cup of tea. Her slender index finger reached into the cup and stirred the tea.
Then, with a flick of her finger, the tea flowed out of the cup, dividing into seven water droplets in midair.
“Deactivate the Guardian Array,” Hong Yuye said calmly.
With another flick of her finger, the first water droplet flew into the sky.
Boom!
There was thunder above the clouds.
Baizhi didn’t understand the Sect Master’s intentions at first, but soon she saw a collision of forces in the sky.
The opponent seemed surprised.
Then the second water droplet flew into the sky.
Boom!
The opponent seemed amazed.
The third water droplet followed.
Another boom sounded. This time, the opponent was angry.
The fourth water droplet soared.
The opponent was furious and wanted to kill.
The fifth water droplet flew into the sky.
The opponent was bloodthirsty and furious now.
The sixth water droplet flew into the sky.
The sky roared, thunder raged, and Baizhi felt the opponent’s unwillingness.
The seventh water droplet shot into the sky.
The power of the opponent dissipated. They were helpless and angry.
Baizhi snapped back to reality. She looked at the Sect Master in fear and admiration.
The Sect Master killed enemies while casually enjoying her tea!
“Capture him and lock him in the Lawless Tower.” Hong Yuye sipped her tea.
“Understood.”
After Baizhi left, Hong Yuye set down her teacup. She gazed at the calm lake surface, then pressed her hand against her red lips and coughed twice..