Chapter 217: The Demoness Wasn’ t Breathing
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Under the setting sun, Hong Yuye stood gracefully. Her figure blended with the evening sun like a dreamy shadow.
“I’m ready.” Jiang Hao lowered his head.
The Heaven Extinction Gu poison was ineffective against the person in front of him. It required all his willpower to resist her charm. He always felt that the repression of such emotions would rebound in a very disastrous way.
“Prepare the hot water. I want to take a bath.” Hong Yuye walked to the bathroom.
It wasn’t difficult to prepare the hot water. After a moment, Jiang Hao stood in front of the wooden tub as the clear water slowly emitted steam. He tested it with his hand and found the temperature slightly hotter than usual. It was for the best. It wouldn’t cool down quickly.
He then scattered the silver moon petals into the water.
“Senior, it’s ready.” Jiang Hao walked out of the bathroom. Hong Yuye stood up and slowly walked into the room.
“Guard the door,” she said.
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. He was grateful that he didn’t need to stay inside this time. Hearing her take a bath was torture for him. If he were in the room, he would want to turn around and look. That was inappropriate and embarrassing.
He stood at the door and took out the Fine Grade Six Talismans book, intending to study the Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. He had been humiliated several times in the past few days for not having those talismans. The material cost for the last three talismans in the set was considerable— a hundred spirit stones per stack, with a market price of around sixty. The first three talismans in the set were the Healing Talismans, the Ten Thousand Swords Talisman, and the Earth-Shaking Talisman. The Earth-Shaking Talisman could cause the surrounding earth to tremble and shake, but its effect was not very strong.
The last three talismans were the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman, the
Earth-Crushing Talisman, and the Force-Deflection Talisman. The Hundred
Thousand Swords Talisman was an advanced version of the Ten Thousand Swords Talisman, and the Earth-Crushing Talisman was an advanced version of the Earth-Shaking Talisman that could not only cause vibrations but also collapse and shatter the ground. The Force-Deflection Talisman was a defensive talisman, particularly effective at deflecting physical impacts.
In Jiang Hao’s opinion, the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman was the best, while the other two were somewhat difficult. So, he decided to learn the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman first and consider whether to learn the other two, depending on how they would sell.
With his decision made, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged and entered a state of clear and pure meditation. He activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability.
This ability made him forget about time, and he didn’t regain consciousness until midnight. He glanced outside and realized that it was past midnight.
‘The spirit beast hasn’t returned yet?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
Just as he was about to get up, he discovered himself standing in front of the bathroom. It was only then that he recalled that Hong Yuye had come to take a bath. But… It was already so late. Wasn’t she done?
He knocked on the door. “Senior?”
No one responded. He knocked twice more. “Senior, are you inside?” Still, no one responded.
He hesitated a moment. “Senior, I’m coming in.”
Creak!
Jiang Hao slowly opened the door and glanced inside. He was startled. There was a woman in the wooden tub.
“Senior?” Jiang Hao called out again. The woman didn’t move in the tub, so he walked in.
Hong Yuye was so strong that she could completely mask her aura. However, this time, it was different. He couldn’t even sense her breathing. It was as though she was dead.
Taking a deep breath, Jiang Hao approached the edge of the wooden tub and reached out his hand toward the woman’s neck.
He wanted to check her pulse to make sure she was okay.
Just as his hand was about to touch her neck, Hong Yuye suddenly turned and looked at him. Her eyes slowly opened.
Their eyes met.
“Senior, I can explain!” Jiang Hao said.
Bang!
As soon as he finished speaking, Jiang Hao crashed into the wall. A searing pain spread throughout his back.
Jiang Hao was on the ground and in extreme pain.
“Close the door,” said Hong Yuye calmly. “Turn around with your back to me.
Use your technique to heat the water in the tub.”
Jiang Hao struggled to get up. He didn’t dare refuse.
After closing the door, he sat cross-legged and used his technique to protect it from the ground to the wooden tub behind him.
“You really are bold,” said Hong Yuye.
“Senior, this is a misunderstanding,” Jiang Hao said.
“Misunderstanding?” Hong Yuye’s voice was calm.
At this moment, the sound of water splashing in the tub reached Jiang Hao’s ears. An image of Hong Yuye pouring water on her body flashed through his mind.
He shook his head to brush off the thought.
“Senior, you’ve been here for more than half a day. I called you, but you didn’t reply. I only came in to check on you because I was worried. I called you several times…”
“So, you thought I was dead?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I never had such an intention, Senior,” Jiang Hao said in embarrassment.
He did think she was dead because he couldn’t sense her aura or her breath. However, the fact that she didn’t even move when he called her and came into the room was strange.
“Someone locked onto the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower a few days ago, and then the power disappeared. Was it you, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
“You’ll have to ask your sect about that,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao couldn’t really ask that. He didn’t know how powerful the Elders of the twelve branches were.
Splash!
The water splashed in the tub.
“Next time, just use one set of silver moon petals. Two sets are too many,” said
Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao nodded.
He hadn’t known that the petals would bloom.
Splash!
The water splashed again. Hong Yuye was coming out of the tub. Jiang Hao heard the sound of bare feet stepping on the ground. “What were you listening to?”
Jiang Hao was suddenly startled by the crisp, questioning voice.
“Nothing.” Jiang Hao calmed his mind.
Hong Yuye walked past him. She was already dressed, but she was barefoot.
Jiang Hao caught a faint whiff of a fragrance that was unique to her.
He exhaled and calmed himself. Then he followed her out.
“Do you remember what you just saw?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I didn’t see anything, Senior, ” Jiang Hao said hurriedly.
There had been too many silver moon petals, so he hadn’t seen anything at all.
“If you do that again next time, I’ll dig out your eyes.” Hong Yuye turned around and smiled.
Before Jiang Hao could answer, Hong Yuye sneered. “Don’t worry, I won’t. But you’ll definitely wish I had gouged out your eyes.” Jiang Hao lowered his head and dared not speak..