Chapter 218: What Would She Have Done To Him If He Had Seen Her?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation       Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Silver sand was scattered in the courtyard.
Jiang Hao stood by the peach tree and saw Hong Yuye sitting on a wooden chair. She activated some formations in the courtyard and caused the ground to glow faintly.
The light was soft and faint, only enough to see the surroundings. The rooms also had similar formations.
“Tne tormatrons are nidden under tne grass and trees “‘ Hong yuye calmly asked. “Are you worried that the light is too conspicuous?”
“With such an important flower in the courtyard, it’s better to be cautious,” Jiang Hao said while preparing tea for Hong Yuye.
When the tea was ready, Hong Yuye took a sip from the teacup. “Have you planted any other strange things recently?” “No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Even if there were, he wouldn’t tell her.
After a long time, Hong Yuye finished her tea. “Your ability to hide treasures is worse than I thought.”
She glanced at the location where Jiang Hao had hidden the Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth.
Jiang Hao pretended not to know anything about any treasure.
“Take care of my flower. It has been four years, but there has been no progress.” Hong Yuye stood up and disappeared on the spot.
Only after Hong Yuye left did Jiang Hao breathe a sigh of relief. He recalled the moment when he had seen her in the wooden tub. If there hadn’t been too many silver moon petals, what would he have seen?
What would she have done to him if that had happened? He didn’t want to find out.
As for Hong Yuye laying there lifeless, he didn’t know if she had done it intentionally, or it had just happened.
He couldn’t do anything about it. He needed to get stronger.
Now he needed to focus on Bai Ye and study the requirements for becoming one of the top ten disciples. He could pursue that path in the future.
After that, he should be able to stay peacefully in the Heavenly Note Sect.
However, because of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, more and more people would target him nonetheless.
Powerful individuals outside the southern region would start to become aware, and they would inevitably send more people after him. He hoped he would find more helpful people like Liu Xingchen.
‘I wonder if these people are all just… fish being reeled in by Elder Baizhi. She is indeed terrifying.’
Jiang Hao returned to his room to make talismans. He only heard the sound of the spirit beast returning to the courtyard when it was already dawn.
It said that it stayed at a friend’s place.
Jiang Hao smiled knowingly. It had probably woken up in the middle of the night and had trouble finding its way back.
The danger mentioned by Dan Yuan had already disappeared, so Jiang Hao could only wait for the follow-up meeting.
He also wanted to see when Gui would come. If there was no news from them, that would be the best.
He could continue taking care of the Spirit Herb Garden and accumulate his cultivation. In the meantime, he could also make talismans to earn spirit stones.
Two peaceful months passed, and Jiang Hao stood in the courtyard. The Immortal Peach Tree had grown to the height of a child. It had been growing faster lately.
Unfortunately, there was no progress with the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He continued watering it every day. It seemed that its natural growth was very slow.
Before heading to the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao checked his attribute panel.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 24]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might]
[Lifeblood: 63/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 62/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 2/3 (unobtainable)]
‘Twenty-four years old…’ Jiang Hao couldn’t help but feel a bit emotional. He vaguely remembered when he had reached his Foundation Establishment Realm at the age of nineteen.
Now, five years had passed, and he was in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
If everything went smoothly this year, he should be able to advance to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
He suddenly remembered Han Ming.
‘I wonder how Junior Brother Han is doing. He is now twenty-three years old, so he probably still has some time before reaching beyond the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. I wonder if he will come to challenge me again.’
Han Ming made things interesting. If he approached him again, he could defeat him with just three moves.
Jiang Hao smiled and left the courtyard. He headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
On the way, Jiang Hao asked the spirit beast about Lin Zhi’s situation.
“The situation is not good,” the spirit beast said. “Occasionally, I go to teach him martial arts. At first, I taught him fist and foot techniques. Then I realized that he always took a beating, so I taught him some body-refining techniques. After learning that for half a month, I found that he has no talent.”
“And then?” Jiang Hao asked.
Jiang Hao only occasionally paid attention to Lin Zhi and left the spirit beast to guide him.
Whenever he had time, Jiang Hao went to see if the spirit beast had done a good job. So far, the beast had done admirably.
The spirit beast sighed. “I am teaching him how to endure beatings, ” it said.
“He got beaten up again but managed to avoid getting hit in the vital organs.” Jiang Hao nodded but didn’t say anything.
It was good for Lin Zhi to learn that. He got beaten up a lot, and he was still at the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
However, his Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique had reached the second stage. By the ninth stage, he would probably be able to advance to the Foundation Establishment Realm.
As for the subsequent techniques, Jiang Hao left them with the spirit beast. It would teach him when the time came.
Compared to Lin Zhi, Chu Chuan was making more progress. He was about to reach the third stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. He had been cultivating for only one and a half years.
Jiang Hao suddenly felt a faint aura from the stone slab.
‘It seems it’s time for the third gathering.’
He had been waiting for a long time.
This gathering came earlier than expected, probably due to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
In the evening, when he returned to his residence, Jiang Hao took out the stone slab and checked it. The gathering would begin at midnight tonight.
‘I need to prepare and be ready to respond to their questions.’
He wanted to make them curious. He needed to prepare something about his background, location, and his purpose.
When midnight came, Jiang Hao entered the stone tablet.
He was somewhat looking forward to Dan Yuan’s response and also wanted to confirm with him whether the person had died, escaped, or been captured.
The Heavenly Note Sect liked capturing enemies alive. In their eyes, capturing someone alive was more valuable than killing them.
Not only could they imprison them in the Lawless Tower, but they could also force the person’s sect to pay a ransom.
If there was no ransom, they could be thrown into the mine for free labor. In short, the Heavenly Note Sect enjoyed squeezing out all the gains they could get from their prisoners..