Chapter 219: Undercover Character Isn ‘t Working Out
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Entering the public area, Jiang Hao saw the familiar faces of Dan Yuan and the others.
At the moment, it was still just the four of them.
According to the information he had obtained from the stone tablet, there should be at least two more people. But they hadn’t appeared yet.
“Senior Dan Yuan, greetings!” the group respectfully greeted.
“Do any of you have any questions regarding your cultivation?” Dan Yuan asked.
It seemed that this was a benefit they received for free. For three consecutive times, Dan Yuan had always answered questions about cultivation.
This was beneficial. Unfortunately, Jiang Hao hadn’t asked anything yet, except about the Snow God Pill.
This time, Gui and the others shook their heads. Jiang Hao followed suit.
“If there are no questions, let’s move on to other matters.” Dan Yuan looked at Gui. “Gui, you can ask for anything.”
Gui was delighted. The others understood why Dan Yuan was making the offer. It meant that the information about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower being in the Heavenly Note Sect was indeed correct.
“So… if the information is correct, has the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower been taken away?” asked Xing.
Dan Yuan shook his head. “He hasn’t returned. The task I intend to give you is related to that. Please try to find information about the person I sent there. Like last time, your information can be exchanged for something else.” The others were somewhat surprised.
First, the fact that the person had failed meant that the Heavenly Note Sect was far from being as simple as they had thought.
Secondly, any piece of information they provided could gain them something big.
Jiang Hao was also thinking about whether he could exchange information to learn something about Hong Yuye. However, the risk was too great.
‘What should I ask?’
“Can I accumulate the rewards?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Of course.” Dan Yuan nodded.
Jiang Hao was tempted, but he still didn’t know what had happened to the person.
He had wanted to find out from Senior Dan Yuan, but it seemed that he didn’t know about it either.
Why did they have to go to inquire about it?
“Senior, why don’t the people behind that person send someone else to inquire in the Heavenly Note Sect?” Gui asked.
Jiang Hao quietly waited for the answer.
“Perhaps they have already gone.” Dan Yuan smiled. He didn’t seem to care much about it.
Jiang Hao wasn’t quite sure about Senior Dan Yuan’s intentions, but his words made Jiang Hao curious.
It meant that someone might have already gone to the Heavenly Note Sect. Two months had passed since the last incident. It was long enough for someone to come to the sect to investigate.
‘I need to find out what kind of person has been sent this time and maybe kill them. That way, I can still be on the suspect list and continue with my undercover operation,’ thought Jiang Hao.
The discussion on the matter ended, and Dan Yuan no longer mentioned anything else.
Gui looked at Jiang Ha. “Give me some more time, and the location of the dragon will soon be determined. I will contact you before the next gathering.” “Okay,” Jiang Hao said.
“In a few years, the Bright Moon Sect will hold a Dao Conference. It is said that many sects have been invited. If they perform well, they might even enter the Immortal Mansion and Mystic Realm,” Xing said.
“There is a group of people overseas who seem to be searching for the
Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, but there has been no trace of it so far. According to some people, it’s best if no one finds it. If this thing appears, it will be a disaster for everyone,” Liu said.
Jiang Hao just listened. He neither interrupted nor inquired more about it.
After discussing it for some time, Gui suddenly looked at Jiang Hao. “Friend Jing, how much longer will you stay in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture?”
“I will leave once I finish what I came here to do,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
This was something he had planned in advance. He came here to do his own business, something that others wouldn’t inquire about. He hoped they didn’t find out that he was related to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The gathering ended quickly because there wasn’t much information or anything to discuss. Sitting in his room, Jiang Hao began to think about the gathering.
From what Dan Yuan said, it seemed that there was another spy sent to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
As for the Dao Conference of the Bright Moon Sect, Jiang Hao didn’t care. He didn’t plan to go. The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was no issue either.
He continued to strengthen the seal every day and added more than a hundred layers in a few years’ time. However, Gui’s matter was a concern. If that wasn’t handled properly, it would have repercussions.
During the gathering, he didn’t engage in conversations with others or display his value. If this continued, they might stop inviting him to the gatherings, which would result in the failure of his undercover mission.
‘I need to find a way to make myself seem important. Perhaps I can inquire about the situation of the previous attacker to establish my status in the gathering. But if Gui’s plan fails, I won’t be able to create a good impression.’ It was already dawn by the time he was done.
Early the next morning, after tidying up the courtyard, Jiang Hao went to the Spirit Herb Garden.
Today was the day when Xiao Li and Cheng Chou would return. It had been two months since they had been gone. Jiang Hao was starting to worry.
“Senior Brother Jiang, this is for you.” Xiao Li quickly ran over and handed him a pastry. Then she gave another to the spirit beast behind him. “This one is for the beast.”
“Call me Big Brother from now on. I will protect you,” the spirit beast said with its chin raised.
“Let’s split it in half… half for me and half for you,” said Xiao Li.
“What? This is disrespectful,” said the beast haughtily.
“I’ll take the left half, and you take the right half.” Xiao Li held the spirit beast with one hand and started dividing the pastry.
The spirit beast didn’t protest.
Jiang Hao didn’t pay them much attention and instead looked at Cheng Chou. He had some minor injuries to his body. He wasn’t as injured as he had been before.
“How are they?” Jiang Hao walked into the Spirit Herb Garden with the pastry in his hand. Every time Xiao Li returned from her visit, he would ask Cheng Chou for an update about her family.
“The situation is not very good.” Cheng Chou glanced at Xiao Li, making sure she was occupied. “Her parents’ health is very poor, and they have a new illness. It’s like adding insult to injury. When we came back, they looked reluctant. It seemed they were thinking they wouldn’t see Xiao Li again.”
As Jiang Hao walked through the Spirit Herb Garden, bubbles flew to him and merged into his body. [Strength +1] [Cultivation +1]
[Spirit +1]
Jiang Hao examined the pastry in his hand and activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Red Bean Cake: A pastry made with great effort by Miao Xiang. It has been contaminated with a hallucinogenic poison due to Xiao Li placing poisonous herbs around the beans.]
He put the pastry in his mouth and chewed it. He realized that the taste was better than before.
“Is there anything else?” Jiang Hao asked.
“They want to see you, Senior Brother Jiang,” Cheng Chou said..