Chapter 220: A Slap In The Face
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“They want to see me?”
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao stopped in his tracks. He was surprised.
‘Why would they want to see me?’
However, one thing was clear. They didn’t have much time left.
It was all thanks to Xiao Li that they had been able to live relatively better lives in the past few years, but they didn’t have more time now.
“Yes, they want to see you,” said Cheng Chou. “In their eyes, you are Xiao Li’s senior. When Xiao Li visits them, she always mentions you. She tells them about how you scold her, buy her food, and take care of her. She also bragged about the golden ring you gave her. Her parents listen to everything. They know Xiao Li is doing well because of you, Senior Brother Jiang. They might not have much time left, so they want to meet you.”
“I will consider it,” said Jiang Hao.
Currently, he couldn’t leave the sect. Going outside would expose him to various dangers. Some people were always trying to target him.
Without Hong Yuye, anyone could find his location. Once found, he would face attacks. Even if he could go outside, he would put Xiao Li and Cheng Chou in danger. So, without a way to avoid being detected, he wouldn’t leave the sect.
The ones who were most likely keeping an eye on him were the Sunset Immortal Sect and the Heavenly Saint Sect. There was also the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, which was after him.
Once discovered and attacked, he might not even have the time to escape. He was still too weak.
“Senior Brother Jiang, will Xiao Li never grow up?” Cheng Chou hesitated and asked.
It had been two years, and every time Xiao Li returned, she would compare her height. But each time, there was no sign of her growing taller. Although she would often stand on tiptoe and tell her elderly parents that she had grown an inch taller, it wasn’t really true. They humored her, but they knew.
Jiang Hao looked at Cheng Chou in confusion.
“The two elders want to see Xiao Li grow up, but she hasn’t grown taller in the past two years,” said Cheng Chou. “This is the time when children grow a lot…”
“It’s because of her special constitution that she grows very slowly,” Jiang Hao said.
Cheng Chou talked at length about the two elders and their declining health. After that, Cheng Chou went to attend to his duties.
Jiang Hao sighed and continued to tend to the spirit herbs.
Lian Daozhi had taken away the Tomorrow Night Autumn Flower. Jiang Hao remained vigilant. He didn’t know if Bai Ye had any follow-up plans.
During this time, he even appraised the Red Lotus Flower to see if the antidote he used to dispel the poison of the Heart Demon had somehow turned into a new poison.
The result showed that it was just an ordinary Red Lotus Flower.
He only hoped to study the nameless manual a bit longer to find something in his surroundings.
At noon, Jiang Hao went to the market to set up his stall.
In a span of two months, he had bought a packet of silver moon petals and saved up to 1,500 spirit stones. He also had many talismans left.
He waited for the insulting customer to visit, but he hadn’t shown up. He was setting up his stall when he heard the familiar voice.
“It’s been a few months already. Don’t tell me you still don’t have the talismans! I bet you won’t have them even after a few years. Young people these days don’t know how to be realistic and polite,” said the senior at the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao looked up and saw that it was indeed the insulting customer from before.
He silently took out the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman. “Is this what you want, Senior Brother?”
Duan Guan had intended to buy all the other talismans as before when he was surprised to see the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman. “Just one? Did you just bring one to show off?”
Jiang Hao took out ten Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans. “How many do you want?”
Duan Guan’s mouth twitched. “Since you know how to make the Hundred
Thousand Swords Talisman, does that mean you can also make the
Earth-Shattering Talisman?”
“I have it here.” Jiang Hao took out an Earth -Shattering Talisman. “What about the Power-control Talisman?” Duan Guan gritted his teeth.
“I don’t have those.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
He did have it, but he just decided not to tell Duan Guan because he was being very arrogant. He was here to earn spirit stones, not to argue.
“Hmph!” Duan Guan left behind 1,260 spirit stones and bought all of Jiang Hao’s talismans.
Jiang Hao felt like he had earned half a month’s worth of money and could close his stall for the day. He had over 2,700 spirit stones in total.
He was surprised that, despite the senior’s arrogance, he was quite wealthy. “Junior Brother Jiang, it’s been a long time.” Leng Tian walked over to him.
“Senior Sister Leng, it’s good to see you,” Jiang Hao greeted her.
Leng Tian’s cultivation had reached the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Her progress had been faster than most people’s. She was still a little away from reaching the peak. It seemed that her advancement wasn’t just because of her talent but also might have been because of lucky encounters.
“Are you closing your stall, Junior Brother Jiang?” Leng Tian asked softly.
“Senior Sister Leng, what talismans do you need?” Jiang Hao still had some on him.
“Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans and Healing Talismans. Five each,” Leng Tian said.
Jiang Hao nodded. He had them.
He earned another 290 spirit stones. Now he had almost three thousand spirit stones.
“Are you going back now, Junior Brother Jiang?” Leng Tian asked.
“I heard from the spirit beast that someone was looking for me before. Was it you, Senior Sister Leng?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes. There’s something I wanted to ask you. It’s related to the talismans you were selling before.”
“I’m heading back. If it’s convenient for you, you can come to my place, and we can discuss it,” Jiang Hao said casually.
Leng Tian readily agreed.
A moment later, they reached Jiang Hao’s house.
Upon entering, Leng Tian felt as if she had stepped into a cave. The spiritual energy here was dense, and it made people feel calm. Cultivating here would surely yield twice the results with half the effort.
Ordinary inner sect disciples wouldn’t have such a dwelling. She didn’t ask about it. It was best to pretend to not know anything.
“Senior Sister Leng, are you looking for the broken talisman from before?” Jiang Hao asked as they entered the hall.
“No.” Leng Tian sat at the table. “Those are yours. I came here to ask if you still have an interest in that type of talisman.”
“Hm?” Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. “You have them?”
Obtaining such a talisman was rare. Having another one was simply close to impossible..