Chapter 221: The Interrogation Comes To An End
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Leng Tian carefully took out a box from her storage treasure and gently placed it on the table in front of Jiang Hao.
“Junior Brother Jiang, please take a look,” she said.
Jiang Hao brought the box closer to him and observed it. It was the same wooden box as last time. When he opened it, he saw a familiar sight. There was a stone slab the size of a talisman engraved with half of the rune symbols. The only difference was the pattern on it.
‘It’s indeed the same kind of inheritance rune as last time,’ Jiang Hao thought to himself.
Without hesitation, he activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman: Dip a brush in water. At midnight, your mind will be clear, and you can begin to draw the first half of the talisman. You can receive the inheritance and comprehend the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman. This was a treasure that Leng Tian and her seniors obtained after experiencing a near-death experience.]
‘Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman?’ Jiang Hao was confused, but he didn’t show it.
They were really lucky to have escaped death.
But the fact that such inheritances appeared one after another indicated that they were discovered in the same place. It seemed that Leng Tian and her seniors had found an unknown secret realm or cave.
Jiang Hao had no intention of getting involved in the matter.
“What do you think, Junior Brother Jiang?” Leng Tian asked tentatively.
This item was difficult to sell because they had no idea what it was for. Since Jiang Hao had received it once before, they immediately thought of him. However, when they came here half a year ago, they couldn’t find him. So, they had been holding onto this item for almost a year without daring to find other buyers.
This item could easily attract trouble.
“What price do you want for it, Senior Sister Leng Tian?” Jiang Hao asked.
He did indeed want this item.
“Do you want it, Junior Brother Jiang?” Leng Tian’s face brightened. “Can you pay a little more than the previous price?”
“3,000?” Jiang Hao asked tentatively.
He could actually offer a higher price, but for now, he didn’t dare increase it by too much.
“Deal,” Leng Tian said happily.
“Can I top up with talismans as payment?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes, of course.” Leng Tian readily agreed.
“Ten Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans to substitute for 400 spirit stones?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Ten Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans?!” Leng Tian was surprised. “Junior
Brother Jiang, are you already able to make such talismans? What about the
Earth-Shattering Talismans and Force-Control Talismans?”
“I have them too.” Jiang Hao took out three of each.
“Then I’ll take three Force-control Talismans, three Earth-Shattering
Talismans, and four Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans,” Leng Tian said.
Jiang Hao nodded and paid 2,600 spirit stones.
After the transaction was completed, Leng Tian didn’t linger. When she left, Jiang Hao carefully examined the inheritance rune.
‘Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman? I wonder if it’s what I think it is. It would be very convenient if it turned out to be that…’
Currently, the thing he was worried about the most was that someone was constantly prying into his location. If he could make and use such a talisman, no one would be able to find him.
As for its value, it was naturally worth more than 3,000 spirit stones. Even if he wanted to offer a higher price, he couldn’t do so recklessly.
At night, Jiang Hao stood in front of the table and took a deep breath to calm himself. He waited for midnight to approach. When the clock struck midnight, he picked up a brush and dipped it in water.
Activating his Clear and Pure Heart ability, he began to draw the upper half of the rune symbol. This would allow him to receive the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman and comprehend it. This item was the treasure obtained by Leng Tian and her seniors through great difficulty and danger to their lives.
His brush strokes flowed like running water. After a short while, the final stroke fell. A light shone from the character and entered Jiang Hao’s body.
Immediately, a vast golden light appeared in his mind and outlined the inheritance rune. Jiang Hao was unfazed by this sight. He carefully observed and memorized every detail.
After a while, he had memorized the entire rune.
When he opened his eyes, the stone slab on the table shattered.
‘Tomorrow, I’m going to buy more materials and give it a try.’
The materials for the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman were the same as those for the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talismans.
Although they were not difficult to find, they were quite expensive. However, he had enough spirit stones to afford them.
The next day, Jiang Hao bought the materials and started making the talisman at midnight.
Just like the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman, the process of making this talisman was very long and arduous. It also consumed a lot of spiritual energy.
Crack!
When Jiang Hao was about to make the final stroke, the talisman shattered.
‘It failed…
On the second night, he tried again.
With his current strength, it was only natural for him to fail.
Crack!
The talisman shattered again.
For seven consecutive days, Jiang Hao tried and failed repeatedly.
‘Why do I always fail at the last stroke?’
It was the same on the tenth day too.
Jiang Hao could only gather more spirit stones and keep buying talisman-making materials to try again. He continued for more than thirty days.
All his attempts ended in failure.
‘This… is just too difficult…’
As he looked at the last few strokes, he felt that something was off. It seemed like there were some unnecessary parts to the talisman.
‘Did I remember it wrong? Maybe I don’t need so many strokes… That’s impossible! I remember everything correctly. Could the inheritance runes themselves be wrong?’
Jiang Hao decided to try again. When he reached the last few strokes, he stopped.
In that instant, he saw the rune light up. There was a new understanding in his mind. He needed to add another stroke.
Finally, he chose to gently sketch it.
Soon, the runes brightened up. The talisman was complete!
‘So, the extra strokes were used to determine the time.’
Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal on the newly made talisman.
[Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman: Can conceal one’s own aura for a day. As a drawback, the same method cannot be used to conceal the aura again. It can be activated directly with a wisp of spiritual energy or blood.]
Indeed, it could conceal one’s aura, but Jiang Hao was concerned about the drawback.
The next evening, he started making the talisman again, but this time, he left two strokes at the end. The talisman was complete.
He activated the Daily Appraisal to check.
[Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman: Can conceal one’s own aura for two days. As a drawback, within those two days, the same method cannot be used to conceal the aura again. It can be activated directly with a wisp of spiritual energy or blood.]
‘How many days will the side effects last? It seems like I can only use it in emergencies…’
Although the drawback was significant, it could still conceal one’s aura for a while. It would give him an opportunity to venture out for a few days.
‘But if I really want to go out, I should ask Liu Xingchen if the Law Enforcement Hall is monitoring people’s auras.’
If they weren’t, then it was fine. However, if they kept tabs on it, he would be in trouble for leaving without permission.
At the Hundred Flowers Lake, a graceful figure dressed in a white and red gown stood among a sea of flowers. Her beauty outshone the flowers themselves.
“Sect Master.” Baizhi respectfully approached her from behind. “The interrogation has come to an end.”
Hong Yuye walked out of the flower grove and sat on a stone chair in the pavilion. “Tell me about the outcomes..”