Chapter 222: Task For The One Who Grows The Flower
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In front of the pavilion, Baizhi stood with her head lowered. Her clothes gently swayed in the wind.
“The person appears to be middle-aged and should be from the Northern
Divine Corpse Sect. He cultivates the Nine Extreme Corpse Dissolution
Technique. Currently, most of his cultivation has been absorbed by the Lawless Tower, but his spiritual power still remains intact. From his words, I learned that he came here for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, but the source of information is unclear. He refuses to provide any further information until he sees the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower for himself. It can be roughly determined that his actions are unrelated to the Northern Divine Corpse Sect. That’s all we know for now. Although he is heavily injured, his overall strength has not weakened, so it will be difficult to obtain any more information from him.”
“The Divine Corpse Sect? What is his status there?” Hong Yuye asked softly.
“Based on the identity token of his storage treasure, he is a teaching elder,” Baizhi replied.
The fact that a teaching elder is so powerful that the Sect Master herself had to take action against him worried Baizhi. If they were to be attacked, it would be extremely disadvantageous for them.
However, the sect was too far from the south, and launching an attack would require a massive deployment of manpower and resources. Unless someone capable of suppressing their Sect Master appeared, something like that happening was unlikely.
If that were to happen, the Heavenly Note Sect would undoubtedly be no match for them. Baizhi could onlv worrv. However, if it was of anv concern, the Sect
Master wouldn’t have attacked the person in the first place.
“Did you learn anything else?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I broke open his storage treasure and obtained some techniques, several treasures, numerous pills, and a box of strange seeds,” Baizhi said with her head lowered. “All in all, it was a considerable gain. Among them is the first part of the Nine Extreme Corpse Dissolution Technique.”
“What about the seeds?” Hong Yuye asked.
Baizhi extended her hand, and the items floated above her palm. Among them was a small box of seeds. Hong Yuye took the box and slowly opened it. It revealed twelve neatly arranged white seeds. They resembled small pebbles and looked lifeless.
“Do you know how to plant them?” Hong Yuye closed the box.
“Not at the moment.” Baizhi shook her head.
She had asked around, but no one recognized them. She could only report it to Hong Yuye. In any case, the powerful individual was extremely wealthy.
“Distribute them.” Hong Yuye tossed the box back to her. “One seed for each of the twelve branches. Let their Spirit Herb Gardens plant them. Whoever successfully grows them first will receive a copy of the Nine Extreme Corpse Dissolution Technique as a reward for their efforts.”
“Do you know what it is, Sect Master?” asked Baizhi.
After skimming through the Nine Extreme Corpse Dissolution Technique, Hong Yuye casually tossed it away. “Just let them plant the seeds.” Baizhi nodded.
“Continue with the interrogation. Even if he doesn’t talk, it doesn’t matter.
Wasn’t he eager to see the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?” asked Hong Yuye. “Take the person who grows the flower to see the person and see what he says.”
“Yes.” Baizhi nodded. She hesitated. “Recently, I noticed that Jiang Hao’s spirit beast is guiding an outer sect disciple in his cultivation. The technique being taught is the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique from the Bright Moon Sect. This confirms that the person who had contact with the Bright
Moon Sect is indeed related to Jiang Hao.”
It was only speculation before, but now there was solid evidence. However, this was not enough to prove that he was a traitor. At most, he was just a suspect.
“That outer sect disciple has been stuck at the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for over two years. If he remains the same, there is a high possibility that he will be expelled from the sect. Should we let him stay to continue the investigation?” Baizhi asked.
“Let them deal with the issue at the Cliff of Broken Hearts themselves,” Hong Yuye said.
Baizhi nodded and then left the place.
The next step was to let Jiang Hao meet the person from the Divine Corpse Sect.
Seven days passed quickly, and Jiang Hao had created three Heaven Secrets Hidden Talismans, each with a duration of three days.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to make them last longer than that, but his strength was at its limit.
According to his calculations, the maximum limit was thirty days.
‘What’s the use if I can only go out for three days?’ Jiang Hao sighed.
Three days were simply not enough, especially if he had to take care of Gui’s matter too.
If it was close by, he could send Xiao Li and the spirit beast to run errands. But if it was far away…
The Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth in his hands were remarkable, but they were of no use in this matter.
After tidying up, Jiang Hao went to the courtyard and sat on a wooden chair. He fiddled with the sub-rings.
With the Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth and the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talismans, he thought he could consider Xiao Li’s parents’ request.
He didn’t really want to visit them. He only helped Xiao Li because he was the one who recruited her, so it felt like she was his responsibility. It was just a small act of kindness. Helping her visit her parents was also the same thing. He didn’t mean anything by it.
But now, it was different. Jiang Hao knew that Xiao Li’s parents wanted to entrust her care to him because they didn’t have much time to live. That would be even more troublesome.
If she provoked anyone and mentioned his name in the process…
It wasnt safe. ‘Should I go or not?’
“Master?”
The spirit beast appeared on the wooden chair at some point. It was staring at the golden ring in Jiang Hao’s hand.
“There are still so many rings left? Give me one!”
“Don’t you already have a collar?” Jiang Hao asked.
“A collar is a collar, and a ring is a ring. They are not the same,” the beast said.
“What’s the difference?” Jiang Hao asked.
“With a collar, others know that I am your beast, Master. With a golden ring, others will recognize that I am beloved by you. So, it’s different. Master, give me one.”
Jiang Hao glanced at the rabbit and hesitated for a moment. He then tossed a ring to it.
It might come in useful in the future anyway.
The spirit beast was delighted. “Master, do I look like a great demon now?”
Jiang Hao collected the bubbles and ignored the spirit beast. He still needed to think about whether he wanted to visit Xiao Li’s house.
He might just go.
As long as he had Heaven Secrets Hidden Talismans, he could prevent others from spying on him.
Jiang Hao arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden and found unfamiliar cultivators gathered there.
Not only were there Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators but also several Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators.
‘What’s happening?’ Jiang Hao was bewildered.
Judging from the atmosphere, it didn’t look like anything bad had happened. Instead, everyone seems rather eager and excited.
And all of the people gathered were disciples of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. There were inner sect disciples as well as True Disciples.
Unfortunately, the spirit beast hadn’t followed Jiang Hao here. Otherwise, it would have recognized them.
“Senior Brother Jiang…” Cheng Chou walked over to him.
“Why are there so many inner sect disciples and True Disciples here today?”
Jiang Hao asked..