Chapter 223: I Can Introduce You To Someone
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I heard that it’s a mission issued by the sect, and it involves an extraordinary cultivation technique,” Cheng Chou said with uncertainty. “I heard that all twelve main branches received it, and there will be rewards for the ones who complete it. It’s not just the sect’s reward but rewards from each branch too. The details of the rewards are unknown. But with so many seniors here, it must be something significant.”
Cheng Chou had just been promoted to inner sect disciple, and he didn’t know many people. So, it was somewhat difficult for him to inquire about the event from them. Jiang Hao was in a similar situation, having only gotten to know a few people recently.
“Do you know what the mission is?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I heard it’s a seed that every Spirit Herb Garden has to plant,” Cheng Chou replied.
“A seed?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
Cheng Chou nodded. “Yes, it seems to be a very strange seed. No one knows what it is or how to plant it. The mission is to make the seed sprout. All twelve branches got the seed, and the one who does it first will get the reward.’
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but marvel at the reward given by the sect. However, with so many true inheritances and powerful seniors, they would surely give it their all. By the time he gets a turn, someone from another branch would have succeeded. The chance of him being asked for help was low. Sighing, he decided not to pay too much attention to it anymore.
“Does it affect the normal operation of the Spirit Herb Garden?” Jiang Hao asked.
“No, it doesn’t. It seems like a special area has been designated for this purpose,” Cheng Chou said.
“That’s good.” Jiang Hao walked in and planned to collect some bubbles.
Throughout the day, the seniors discussed on the outskirts of the garden. It seemed that the first ones to start planting were seniors at the Primordial Spirit Realm. No one above that realm had appeared yet.
Cheng Chou couldn’t relax the whole day. It wasn’t just him. Even the spirit beast and Xiao Li slipped away quietly from the garden. As for the outer sect disciples and ordinary non-cultivators who worked in the garden, they didn’t even dare to breathe loudly for fear of offending the seniors.
Jiang Hao, on the other hand, was fine. He just focused on his own tasks. As long as he didn’t offend those people, it would be fine.
” Junior Brother Jiang, I haven’t seen you for so long.” Miao Tinglian came over to greet him.
“Senior Sister Miao.” Jiang Hao stood up.
He didn’t see Mu Qi with her.
He didn’t see Mu Qi with her.
“He’s still inside doing research. I couldn’t see anything, so I came out,” Miao Tinglian said with a smile.
Jiang Hao nodded. Senior Sister Miao was also strong in the field of spirit herbs. If she couldn’t see anything, then it must be some obscure herb.
“By the way, I heard that you take care of Junior Sister Xiao Li from the outer sect. Do you have any other thoughts?” Miao Tinglian asked in a soft voice.
Jiang Hao looked at her with some confusion.
“I feel you’re so boring. You probably don’t have any woman who likes you. Do you want me to introduce you to someone?” Miao Tinglian asked.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
“Do you want me to?” Miao Tinglian asked again.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. “Senior Sister Miao, I’m still young and don’t want any burdens on me.”
“How old are you?” Miao Tinglian asked again.
“Twenty-four,” Jiang Hao answered.
Han Ming knew on the first day that he was a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator at the age of nineteen, which was why he challenged him. Unfortunately, he still couldn’t beat him until now.
“At the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm at twenty-four?” Miao Tinglian found it somewhat unbelievable. “You’re faster in cultivation than I was when I was younger.”
“At the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm at twenty-four?” Miao Tinglian found it somewhat unbelievable. “You’re faster in cultivation than I was when I was younger.”
Miao Tinglian had outstanding talent. If it weren’t for her problematic background, she could have become a True Disciple in this sect.
She had already passed the one-year observation period and successfully recovered her cultivation, becoming an inner sect disciple.
Jiang Hao could only politely explain that it was because of his encounters outside, and his innate talent was only above average.
“Let’s not talk about your cultivation. In any case, if you’re interested in someone, let me know. I can guarantee your success. If a softer approach doesn’t work, we can use a tougher one,” Miao Tinglian said with a smile.
‘That would be disastrous…’ Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. Senior Sister Miao was indeed a disciple of the demonic sect, through and through.
“Junior Brother Jiang, don’t listen to her nonsense.” At this moment, Mu Qi walked over and glared at Miao Tinglian.
Miao Tinglian glared back.
“Senior Brother Mu,” Jiang Hao politely greeted him.
“Don’t you want to give it a try, Junior Brother Jiang?” Mu Qi pointed to an area at the edge of the garden.
Jiang Hao shook his head.
He didn’t want to participate. He planned to wait until everyone gave up.
If someone did succeed, he had no intention of snatching the limelight.
Out of curiosity, he asked about the seed.
“I heard from the Master that this mission was issued by Elder Baizhi and involves an extremely valuable cultivation technique. Only the Master and the others know the specific name of the technique. In any case, if we help the
Master obtain it, we will surely make significant contributions for our branch, ” Mu Qi said.
“I see.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He remembered the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in his courtyard. It was given to him by Elder Baizhi too. She seemed fond of making people grow divine things.
After that, Mu Qi and Miao Tinglian left.
For seven consecutive days, the number of people in the Spirit Herb Garden didn’t decrease. It was the same in the morning and evening.
No one had successfully grown the seed yet.
Jiang Hao continued to wait. He planned to take a look when there were fewer people.
Another seven days passed, and another matter cropped up.
A portion of land was allocated for the construction of an outer sect Spirit Herb Garden, and disciples from all branches were required to help.
The person in charge of the Cliff of Broken Hearts was Senior Sister Ning Xuan.
But since everyone’s thoughts were focused on the seed, this task fell on the “idle” Jiang Hao.
“The outer sect Spirit Herb Garden is being launched, and the leading force is the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. We’ll only be responsible for a small portion,” Ning Xuan said to Jiang Hao. “Junior Brother Jiang, please go and see what needs to be done. You can mention my name if you encounter trouble.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He remembered seeing Senior Sister Ning Xuan bring a Foundation
Establishment Realm disciple to inspect the surroundings of the Spirit Herb Garden last time. That disciple must have been from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. The people from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion were not easy to deal with.
What Jiang Hao worried about the most were people who had limited skills but liked to brag about their special status.
The next day, Jiang Hao went alone to the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden.
However, before he could ascertain the situation, he was scolded by a person in an alchemy robe.
“Junior Brother, didn’t you see a group of people waiting for you? Who do you think you are? Do you think that the eleven of us combined are not as noble as you alone? If you think that way, please have someone from your branch replace you. We don’t need someone like you.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He should have arrived a little early.
He apologized. He needed to understand the situation before anything else..