Chapter 224: An Encounter With The Traitor
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
With an aloof face, the disciple in alchemy robes led the way toward the new Spirit Herb Garden. Jiang Hao followed behind. He carefully observed the eleven people ahead.
‘The one in alchemy robes should be from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. He must be the one in charge and probably at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. The others…’
He noticed that they were all in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
However, one person seemed peculiar. His physical strength exceeded his supposed level. There was a faint aura of death around him. Jiang Hao wondered if it was due to their cultivation technique or… some other reason.
The person walked in the middle and engaged in lively conversation with the others. He appeared to be in his late twenties, though his actual age should have been much older.
After some hesitation, Jiang Hao decided to use the Daily Appraisal on him.
[Divine Corpse Du Yong: Former inner sect disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect.
In the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He is possessed by Qu Zhong of the Divine Corpse Sect and has become one of his three divine corpses. His objective is to find the location of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, and currently, he only knows the general information. He is planning to establish contact with you since you are a disciple of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.]
‘I have encountered a traitor again…’ Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. ‘But what is the Divine Corpse Sect? I never heard of it before.’
‘Based on the information, this Qu Zhong person must have three avatars and one original body. The cultivation level of the main body isn’t important right now. It’s more important to find out if their memories are shared.’
As Jiang Hao walked behind him. He debated whether he could take action. If he created a conflict here, the Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t let him go this time. However, he needed to understand the origins of the Divine Corpse Sect first. For now, he decided to leave it aside and wait for the person to make a move. If that happened, he could fight back.
The Law Enforcement Hall was already keeping an eye on him. If another crime occurred, they might use the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror. If he needed to kill someone, he needed to make sure he did it discreetly.
He began to observe his surroundings. It was newly cultivated land. Besides the spiritual energy, the place wasn’t suitable for growing spirit herbs. The land needed to be made fertile first.
It was a massive project, which was why they needed cultivators at the Primordial Spirit Realm to help out. Unfortunately, they didn’t have any seniors with them. The sect’s mission took precedence over all else.
Listening to the explanation from the people ahead, Jiang Hao understood the general tasks. Each of the twelve branches had to be assigned a designated area and cultivate the land. The branch with the most fertile land would abandon the other branches’ methods and establish the best Spirit Field.
Jiang Hao looked toward the disciple from the Hundred Bone Forest. With Bai Ye’s assistance, the Hundred Bones Forest would definitely win.
Jiang Hao looked at the eleven people and noticed that there were no disciples from White Moon Lake. It should have been Sister Zhou Chan’s turn to participate in this matter.
Upon closer observation, no one seemed particularly outstanding. They were all ordinary inner sect disciples.
‘They must have sought help from disciples of other branches,’ Jiang Hao thought. If Bai Ye intervened, the chances of anyone else winning were slim. After all, Bai Ye had profound knowledge when it came to the cultivation and tending of spirit herbs.
The disciple from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion divided the locations. Jiang Hao was assigned to the farthest area, which seemed the most barren.
“We’ll leave this place to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Do a good job, and don’t embarrass us,” Xia Cheng said with a triumphant expression.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything but stared at the area. After observing it for a while, he realized that this area was of medium size but had the least spiritual energy. Even weeds didn’t grow here. He was clearly being harassed.
However, if he cultivated the land well, everyone would avoid interfering with him. If someone else came to replace him, it would be even better. Then he could return to guarding the Spirit Herb Garden of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“Senior Brother…” a young man approached Jiang Hao politely. “I’m Du Yong, a disciple of the Wind Lightning Sect. I’d like to discuss how to make the spirit field more fertile with you.”
“I’m Jiang Hao from the Cliff of Broken Hearts,” Jiang Hao said. “I know very little about this, so I need to go back and check some information. Do you have any insights, Junior Brother Du?”
“Not at the moment, but I heard that the sect would provide some resources. We can go to the Ten Thousand Spirit Tower to collect them,” Du Yong said.
After chatting for a while, Du Yong left.
‘This spy is also very cautious. He probably doesn’t know that the flower is with me. If he finds out…
If the person made a move, that would be best. Jiang Hao could then fight back.
Not one person in so many years had tried to steal the flower. That surprised Jiang Hao. He wasn’t always at home, so it would be fairly easy for others to try and steal it.
However, Elder Baizhi and Hong Yuye must have a backup plan in situations like that. After all, they both believed that the flower belonged to them.
Once the follow-up tasks were determined, Jiang Hao planned to leave and ask Miao Tinglian on how he could make a barren land fertile.
“Senior Brother Xia is an outstanding disciple of the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
The land cultivation this time will definitely be the most successful.”
“If he wasn’t outstanding, why would he be assigned to handle everything?”
“Hahaha… you flatter me. It’s just that the seniors value me. I am not that outstanding.”
Xia Cheng laughed.
Jiang Hao didn’t fit in with these people. It was best to be quiet and do his own thing without disturbing them.
For the next seven days, Jiang Hao asked Cheng Chou to take some people to work on the barren land. Then he obtained the simplest cultivation method from Senior Sister Miao Tinglian.
It was to set up a Spirit Gathering Array and transplant some Blue Lotus Flowers to absorb spiritual energy from the land.
But this alone was not enough. They also need some of the spirit beast’s flesh and blood. That was the simplest method.
However, it required a significant number of resources that the sect might not agree to.
Miao Tinglian didn’t know any other way. Her expertise was in growing and tending to the spirit herbs, not in making barren land fertile.
Jiang Hao doesn’t pester her further. When he reported it to Xing Xuan, she just nodded and didn’t say anything further.
So it was all up to Jiang Hao himself.
He intended to keep a low profile while following instructions.
There were still so many people in the Spirit Herb Garden of the Cliff of Broken
Hearts. They hadn’t managed to grow the seed at all.
Jiang Hao is quite curious about what kind of seed it was that stumped the whole sect. He wondered whether he would get a chance to go and take a look at the seed.
At this moment, Cheng Chou led some outer sect disciples and some ordinary non-cultivators to the barren land to plant some Blue Lotuses at the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden.
They cleared away the weeds and rocks. However, when they were almost done, weeds and stones from the surrounding fields were thrown at them.
Cheng Chou frowned. “Junior brothers, isn’t this our field? Did you make a mistake?”
“No,” said a cultivator in the ninth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
“Our senior asked us to throw it here.”
The answer made Cheng Chou angry. He saw Xia Cheng in the front.
After hesitating a little, he walked over to Xia Cheng. “Senior Brother Xia, did you accidentally throw the weeds in our area?”
“Did I make a mistake? Show me.” Xia Cheng pretended to be surprised.
He went with Cheng Chou to the area assigned to Jiang Hao. “It wasn’t a mistake. Aren’t you going to remove the weeds anyway? It just so happens that you’re closer to the outside.. What’s wrong with cleaning these as well?”