Chapter 225: Drawing The Blade
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao waited for a day and finally found an opportunity. He followed Mu Qi and walked inside, where he saw the seed. The seed was translucent. It looked like a white pebble. There was a trace of death on it.
‘What kind of seed is this?’ Jiang Hao activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Corpse Realm Flower Seed: When one flower sprouts, if the seeds within a radius of several hundred miles are planted, they will sprout together. If twelve Corpse Realm Flowers bear fruit simultaneously, the Gate of Death will open, leading to a special realm. Burying the corpses of the cows, bats, rats, swallows, pigs, and beetles into the soil once a day would allow the seed to take root and germinate after seven days.]
Jiang Hao was surprised. It turned out to be a key to opening a certain realm.
Twelve seeds were required to open it, and the sect had issued twelve seeds.
‘The Gate of Death… I wonder what it will be like!’ Jiang Hao thought. ‘However, the method of planting the seed is truly unique. It would be impossible for someone who doesn’t know about it already to grow the seed.’
Jiang Hao returned to the spirit field and began to tend to the spirit herbs.
‘Corpse Realm Flower? I wonder how rare this spirit herb is.’
He would consider getting involved if these people gave up on it.
He wondered if the sect was aware of the Gate of Death. If it ended up causir crisis for the sect in the end, it would be a loss for him to compensate with spirit stones. However, there should be a substantial amount of spirit stonef a reward if he could get this right. Currently, he was lacking spirit stones, as needed a large sum to prepare for another incarnation of the Immortal Peac Tree.
Three days later, Jiang Hao checked his interface.
[Lifeblood: 78/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 79/100 (can be cultivated)]
“Just a little over twenty points left to accumulate,” he murmured.
‘In three months, I will be able to advance to the middle stage of the Primor( Spirit Realm. In another two months, it will be the day Xiao Li goes to visit ] parents again. I can go with her after I reach the middle stage of the Primor( Spirit Realm. ‘
Jiang Hao left the courtyard and headed towards the Spirit Herb Garden. Aft collecting the bubbles, he felt a slight improvement in his spiritual power ar strength. Although it wasn’t very noticeable at the moment, after several decades or even centuries, both his strength and spiritual power would beco terrifying.
Without lingering there any longer, he walked straight out and headed to th outer sect Spirit Herb Garden. For the past three days, he hadn’t gone to che nor had he seen Cheng Chou. He probably encountered some trouble outside
Soon, Jiang Hao arrived at the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden and found that there were many weeds and stones in the barren land that was assigned to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. Even some materials had been taken away.
From a distance, Jiang Hao saw Cheng Chou giving spirit stones to the disciples of the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. That only led to a slight reduction in the number of weeds thrown onto his land.
Jiang Hao discovered that not only the Candlelight Pill Pavilion but also three or four other branches were harassing those from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao walked toward them.
“Senior Brother Jiang…” Cheng Chou lowered his head in guilt.
“Go do your work,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
Cheng Chou stepped back.
Jiang Hao looked around at the other areas. Everyone was watching him. They wanted to know what he would do.
He looked at Xia Cheng. “Senior Brother Xia, don’t you think you are unnecessarily making things difficult for others?”
“Who am I making things difficult for?” Xia Cheng pretended to be confused.
Jiang Hao pointed to the pile of weeds. “That… I have told my juniors to keep their heads down and do their work, but others are making it difficult to do that. I’m quite troubled by that.”
“How about you go and find out who did it, and I’ll teach them a lesson?” said Xia Cheng. “Or we can replace them. What do you think about that? Managing people isn’t… easy.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. What Xia Cheng proposed was meaningless. Moreover, Xia Cheng seemed to be doing this to obtain spirit stones. “Senior Brother Xia, can we talk in private?” Jiang Hao asked softly.
“Sure.” Xia Cheng smiled.
‘Should I ask for 500 spirit stones… or 800? As the one in charge, no one dares to refuse me anyway,’ thought Xia Cheng.
Jiang Hao walked ahead and headed outside the Spirit Herb Garden.
Xia Cheng followed while others secretly observed the two of them. Cheng Chou was somewhat worried about Jiang Hao.
After a while, Xia Cheng stopped in a forest. “This is far enough.”
Jiang Hao stopped in his tracks and turned to face him. “Senior Brother Xia, can
I request that you manage your people properly?”
“That’s difficult. You know that this is a demonic sect, and people can be…
unruly. How can 1—”
Xia Cheng’s words were cut off as he saw a flash of moonlight and felt a sharp pain in his neck.
Blood gushed out.
Xia Cheng found it unbelievable. The person he had never paid much attention to stood before him with a blade in his hand.
His gaze was icy.
“What… What are you doing?” Xia Cheng asked in fear.
The sudden attack was something he had never anticipated. ‘How dare he?’
Jiang Hao held the Half-Moon Blade in his hand. “Can I once again ask you,
Senior Brother Xia, to manage your people properly and keep them in line?”
“Are you not afraid of being caught by the Law Enforcement Hall for trying to kill a fellow disciple?” shouted Xia Cheng.
A slash landed on the other side of his neck.
Xia Cheng felt like he was going to die here. The fear in his heart spread through his body with each breath and turned his limbs to jelly. He knelt on the ground.
Jiang Hao stood before him, as cold and indifferent as ever.
“Can you?” he asked.
“Yes! Yes, I can.” Xia Cheng gasped for breath and trembled in fear.
“That’s good.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Then he took out a Healing Talisman and waved it. It helped with the bleeding.
“Senior Brother Xia, how old are you this year?” Jiang Hao suddenly asked.
Xia Cheng, who was kneeling on the ground, looked at the person in front of him. Jiang Hao was sheathing his knife. His face was devoid of any emotion.
Xia Cheng couldn’t take any risks.
“I… I’m over fifty,” Xia Cheng said.
“Is that so? I’m younger than you, Senior Brother Xia. I’m twenty-four this year,” Jiang Hao said.
Xia Cheng was shocked. ‘Twenty-four years old and already at the late
Foundation Establishment Realm?!’
He remembered that their sect’s most talented disciple hadn’t reached the late Foundation Establishment Realm by the age of twenty-four.
“Junior Brother Cheng has just joined our Cliff of Broken Hearts as an inner sect disciple, and he’s a bit tight on resources. I hope you can take care of him,
Senior Brother Xia. Is that okay with you?”
“No… no problem,” Xia Cheng said hurriedly.
“Thank you, Senior Brother Xia.” Jiang Hao sheathed his knife and left.
He wasn’t worried. In the demonic sect, seeking peace through compromise was impossible.
Cheng Chou and the others looked outside. They didn’t know when the two of them would return.
Once they returned, everyone would have an idea of how they should treat the people from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Soon, they saw someone approaching. It was Xia Cheng.
Everyone was shocked when they saw him. He didn’t look as arrogant as before, and he was covered in blood. He clutched at his neck in fear.
Ignoring the shocked gazes of everyone, he walked to the area designated for the Cliff of Broken Hearts. He handed some spirit stones to the astonished Cheng Chou.
“I offended you earlier, Junior Brother Cheng,” said Xia Cheng.
Finally, he went to the edge of the area and began to clear away the weeds.
The scene stunned the outer sect disciples of the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. Then, they nervously walked to Xia Cheng and took the weeds from his hands. “Senior Brother Xia, we’ll do it.”
As for the other people in the Spirit Herb Garden, they quickly approached the area designated for the Cliff of Broken Hearts and began to clear away the weeds..