Chapter 226: The Lawless Tower
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The matter of the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden wasn’t very significant. Jiang Hao wasn’t worried about what Xia Cheng would do or say.
Moreover, from the recent encounter, it was clear that Xia Cheng was someone who cherished his life. So, it was safe to assume that he wouldn’t take any risks.
The reason he was causing trouble for others was because of the sudden rise in his status. He was designated as the one in charge of the Spirit Herb Garden, and others tried to stay on his good side. That went to his head, especially since no one else had higher cultivation than him.
Power was addictive, and it made people reckless. Jiang Hao faced the same problem every time he advanced to a new stage or a new realm. The allure of power and strength often made him arrogant.
Fortunately, the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison often kept him calm in those situations. However, that wasn’t a long-term solution. He needed to make use of the poison to train his mind while he could.
In the future, he could break away from the poison without it causing significant damage to him.
‘Now, there is no need for me to frequent the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden.
Cheng Chou can handle it. After that, the traitor might start contacting Cheng Chou to discover the location of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Then he might come looking for me. I don’t know if he will try to recruit me to his cause or directly attack me…’
Roughly, there were three types of people targeting the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The first types of traitors were often the most foolish ones. They would try to steal the flower. No one had done that yet, but Jiang Hao wasn’t sure if the new spy was of that kind.
The second type was Liu Xingchen and Ming Yi, who often tried to establish some form of contact with him and convert him to their cause. Some did it for the flower, and others did it just for entertainment.
Some did it for the flower, and others did it just for entertainment.
The third type was the Blackheaven Sect’s Hua Le, who observed from afar. Jiang Hao discovered the name when he appraised Xuanyuan Tai. So far, he hadn’t found any more information about the person named Hua Le. They were very good at hiding.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao went to the library. He saw the old man who was in charge of the library and handed him a spirit stone.
“I remember you. What do you want to ask this time?” The old man discreetly pocketed the spirit stone.
“I would like to know which book contains the most comprehensive records about the sects,” said Jiang Hao.
“The book with the most comprehensive records about the sects?”
The old man thought for a while and then said, “Go upstairs and search for a book called “Biography of the Mountains and the Seas.” It probably has what you’re looking for. Lately, many people have been coming here to find books because of the sect’s mission.’
The old man was all smiles. He had earned quite a lot in the past few days. His knowledge about this place was finally paying off.
Everyone could afford to spend a spirit stone for information, and the old man wasn’t greedy.
Jiang Hao went up to the third floor and found many people there.
The old man was right. Everyone was searching for information on the mysterious seed.
After searching for a while, Jiang Hao found the “Biography of the Mountains and the Seas.” He quickly skimmed through the pages. It was a travelogue that recorded information about different sects.
He finally came across a page that detailed the Divine Corpse Sect.
“A major sect in the northern region. Its cultivation techniques are peculiar and include clones…”
Jiang Hao frowned. ‘Is that all?’
However, the information surprised him. How was it that someone from the northern region found out about the Heavenly Note Sect’s Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?
‘Is the Divine Corpse Sect related to the Corpse Realm Flower?’ Jiang Hao wondered.
He recalled the previous attack by the powerful individual.
‘I can’t ask the people from the stone tablet…’
He had intended to ask Gui how to make the Spirit Field fertile, or about the Divine Corpse Sect.
However, he thought that was a bad idea. What if Dan Yuan got suspicious? If Dan Yuan had a close connection with the Divine Corpse Sect, he might find out that Jiang Hao was from the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao flipped to the page about the Blackheaven Sect.
The Blackheaven Sect wasn’t as big as the Divine Corpse Sect. It seemed that the latter sect was very important. Their cultivation technique was something that needed to be paid attention to.
Dealing with clones was troublesome. The main body was hard to catch, and killing the clones did nothing.
After that, Jiang Hao looked up the Red Feather Divine Pill. It was only mentioned briefly in one book, with no details about its effects.
He went to find the old man and gave him another spirit stone. The man refused.
The old man cleared his throat and glanced at Jiang Hao with a smile. “I might be a lot of things, but nave is not one of them. Just ask what you want to know.”
“I saw a pill called the Red Feather Divine Pill in one of the books. What kind of pill is it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The Red Feather Divine Pill?” The old man lowered his head and was deep in thought. “It should be a healing pill. It is said to be made from a divine bird. There is no such bird in the surrounding areas, let alone in our sect. It is doubtful whether the pill exists in the entire southern region. There are very few records about it.”
“I see.” Jiang Hao thanked him and left.
He had intended to ask about the price of such a pill. Since it wasn’t found in the southern region, he didn’t dare ask about it.
However, various sects have deep reserves, so there might still be a chance to find it somewhere.
Just as Jiang Hao left the library, he saw a communication talisman flying toward him.
He reached out to accept it. “Head to the Lawless Tower. Someone wants to see you,” said Elder Baizhi’s voice.
‘The Lawless Tower?’
Jiang Hao couldn’t think of anyone in there who would want to see him. However, he couldn’t disobey an order from Elder Baizhi.
Shortly after, he arrived near the Lawless Tower. He walked to the front of the tower.
The tower stood on top of a mountain. It had thirteen floors. It looked majestic and ominous. It was hard to imagine how such a tower could take away everything a person held dear.
In front of the tower, Jiang Hao saw Zhou Chan.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you came quickly.” Zhou Chan, dressed in white, walked toward him.
“Senior Sister Zhou, were you waiting for me?” Jiang Hao asked.
“This is what the Elder asked me to give you. It’s about your mission.” Zhou
Chan handed him an envelope.
Jiang Hao sensed a faint power emanating from the envelope. It was to preve others from prying.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you can open it with your identity token.” Zhou Chan bi him farewell and left.
After saying goodbye to Senior Sister Zhou, Jiang Hao opened the envelope.
“Go to the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower. Enter Special Prison, Room Numb One, and meet the one who wants the flower in your courtyard. Try to find ou more about the person’s background, purpose, and who he is working for without revealing too much information.”
Jiang Hao continued reading and found out some basic information about the imprisoned individual. He was from the Divine Corpse Sect!
Jiang Hao sighed. ‘As expected, the recent spies and the sect’s mission were a] related to the Divine Corpse Sect..’