Chapter 227: Pique His Interest
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Inside the envelope, there was a piece of jade. It was a treasure that provided protection against the Lawless Tower. The effect would last for a day.
Holding the jade, Jiang Hao passed through the guards and entered the Lawless Tower.
He saw a spacious hall. In the center, there were a few people trapped inside. They were mostly in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. Some people led them away.
Most people would be sent to the mines to work. They would be made to work until they died.
Those who managed to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm while working in the mines would be brought back here. The prisoners were nothing but tools for the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao ignored them and continued to the fifth floor. Apart from the people trapped in the center, there were special rooms located in the corners.
The rooms were made of mahogany. The room looked more like a cage with runes inscribed on it. Jiang Hao couldn’t understand the purpose of the runes.
A middle-aged man sat in one of the cages. His disheveled hair covered his face. His body was covered in dried blood. His hands and feet were locked with wooden restraints.
Although it all looked crude, it could effectively confine any powerful individual.
‘He is currently in the Primordial Spirit Realm, but it’s depleting fast. Although he is resisting the effects, it’s useless…’
Jiang Hao gripped the piece of jade tighter in his hand.
“You brought a little guy to interrogate me today?” The middle-aged man looked up at Jiang Hao and smiled. “I’ve told you. I won’t say anything unless I see the flower.”
Jiang Hao checked the floor and the room number to confirm that this was the man he was supposed to meet. “Are you from the Divine Corpse Sect?” he asked.
“Haven’t you asked that question many times already?” The middle-aged man leaned back. “Is it amusing to ask the same question repeatedly? I want to see the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
Jiang Hao used his Daily Appraisal ability on the man.
If the person before him was really the powerful individual from the recent attack, then Jiang Hao would have already completed the mission assigned by
Dan Yuan.
He had hoped to wait for the sect’s announcement to find out more about this person and use the information as leverage in the next gathering.
But now…
Jiang Hao was directly involved in this now, and he couldn’t tell Dan Yuan about it.
Besides, Elder Baizhi had given him this mission and some information about the person.
As a double agent, Jiang Hao felt that even a slight misstep could bring disaster upon him. He needed to handle things carefully.
[Zhuang Yuzhen: Elder of the Divine Corpse Sect. His cultivation is weakened by the Lawless Tower, leaving him at the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He came for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, but for safety reasons, he left a backup plan in place. He entrusted the most important Corpse Heart to his disciple, Qu Zhong. If it is buried near the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he can continue to survive until the Corpse Heart is liberated, allowing him to be reborn. He is using the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower just to stall for time.]
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh. The Heavenly Note Sect truly wasn’t that big of a sect. He encountered traitors and spies everywhere.
Qu Zhong was the true form of the divine corpse Du Yong, whom Jiang Hao had met in the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden.
‘What is a Corpse Heart?’
Jiang Hao felt that he knew too little about this. However, one thing was clear. He needed to make sure no one buried anything near his house.
Bai Ye’s techniques and the Corpse Heart made Jiang Hao understand that the cultivation world wasn’t limited to just treasures.
Bai Ye suspected him and used sealing techniques and his own environment to poison him. Now, there was the Corpse Heart. As long as it was buried nearby, the deed would be done.
‘It’s a pity that I used the wrong method. If I had been undercover from the beginning, I might not have discovered it.’
The person investigating the undercover traitor is far inferior in cultivation level, so it would be difficult to find out anything more.
“Senior, you want to see the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?” Jiang Hao stood in front of the prison cell calmly.
He was thinking about what to do next.
Zhuang Yuzhen sneered. “You are in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. You expect me to believe you can make any sort of decision regarding that?”
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Then get lost,” Zhuang Yuzhen said with disgust.
“But the flower is in my hands,” Jiang Hao said. “Do you want to talk to me
“The flower is in your hands?” Zhuang Yuzhen found it unbelievable.
“If you don’t want to talk right now, I can come in a few days,” said Jiang Hao as he turned around.
“Wait!” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
Jiang Hao ignored him and left without looking back.
He heard the man shout at him from behind. “Stop right there! Don’t expect me to talk if you leave now!”
Jiang Hao ignored him. After all, he was just a prisoner. He didn’t need to indulge him.
The reason he left wasn’t because he was in a hurry to get away. He needed to think about this. He knew the man’s weakness. He needed to find the real Qu Zhong.
If he played his cards well, he could complete Elder Baizhi’s task and Dan Yuan’s task at the same time.
As for Zhuang Yuzhen, he would bring him a gift next time. He would be more inclined to chat with him then.
After leaving the Lawless Tower, the jade pendant dissipated in his hand.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao headed straight for White Moon Lake. He still needed to report his findings.
At White Moon Lake, there were two people guarding the entrance. One was Zhou Chan, and the other was a young girl in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
It was Zhao Qingxue, Lin Zhi’s friend.
Seeing the girl dressed in luxurious silk and satin and rapidly advancing in her cultivation realm, Jiang Hao felt that she and Lin Zhi already belonged to different worlds.
She might soon enter the inner sect. Meanwhile, it might take years for Lin Zhi to reach that state.
“Senior Sister Zhou.” Jiang Hao walked up to Zhou Chan.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you are here so soon.” Zhou Chan smiled and then pointed to the girl. “This is Junior Sister Zhao, a friend of your Junior Brother Lin. ”
“Senior Brother Jiang, it’s very nice to meet you,” said Zhao Qingxue as she bowed to him.
Jiang Hao nodded and explained his purpose for visiting.
“Come with me, Junior Brother Jiang. I’ll take you to see the Elder. She is still here,” said Zhou Chan..