Chapter 228: After I Utter a Name, You Will Fear Me
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao passed by the Spirit Herb Garden of the White Moon Lake and saw many people gathered there.
Each person had a very high cultivation realm. Although they didn’t have the advantage of the numbers of the Cliff of Broken Hearts, their level and talent exceeded the Cliff of Broken Hearts. The White Moon Lake only accepted disciples with exceptional talent. Meanwhile, the Cliff of Broken Hearts accepted anyone who had average talent.
It wasn’t easy to determine who was stronger between the inner sect disciples of the White Moon Lake and the legacy disciples of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Logically, the legacy disciples should be superior in strength to ordinary inner sect disciples, but becoming an inner sect disciple in the White Moon Lake was the most difficult and prestigious thing. The Law Enforcement Hall was also quite extraordinary based on the types of disciples they chose.
“After the sect’s mission was issued, the seniors became obsessed with the seed. However, there has been no progress at all,” said Zhou Chan helplessly. “They don’t even bother with guarding the place anymore. I had to ask Junior Sister Zhao for help.”
Jiang Hao nodded. The situation in the Cliff of Broken Hearts was similar. It was fortunate that the Spirit Herb Gardens didn’t need to be guarded very much in the sect.
arrived at Elder Baizhi’s courtyard and saw a white figure standing by the lake. The tranquil lake water reflected her graceful figure.
“Elder, Junior Brother Jiang requests an audience,” Zhou Chan said respectfully.
Baizhi turned around. “Alright. You can go and continue with your work.”
Zhou Chan bowed and left.
“Greetings, Elder Baizhi,” said Jiang Hao politely.
“Did you find out anything?” Baizhi’s calm gaze focused on him.
She was unable to guess the Sect Master’s intentions for nurturing this man before her.
“No… I just had a conversation with him…” Jiang Hao told her everything that had come to pass.
“Hm… you want to pique his interest?” Baizhi smiled. “He is not an ordinary person. Every word that comes out of his mouth may be a lie to conceal his true intentions. Each seemingly sincere word is an undisputed falsehood meant to confuse those before him. Are you sure you want to continue?”
“I want to give it a try,” Jiang Hao said.
“In that case, go ahead,” said Baizhi. It was an opportunity for her to observe Jiang Hao too. If he managed to uncover some information in the process, that would be a bonus.
After receiving the jade pendant that allowed multiple entries, Jiang Hao left White Moon Lake.
He didn’t need to rush to meet Zhuang Yuzhen. Instead, he wanted to see if the other undercover agent would take any action.
If he buried the Corpse Heart, it would be for the best. However, Jiang Hao wasn’t sure if he could seal the Corpse Heart with his cultivation at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. If all else failed, he would find an excuse to turn it in.
Jiang Hao resumed his daily routine after returning to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. After about a month, the number of people at the Spirit Herb Garden decreased. Many gave up on the seed. The other branches faced the same thing.
The Candlelight Pill Pavilion was no exception. They couldn’t determine whether the white seed was really a spirit herb or not. Without identifying what it was, they couldn’t really grow it.
Eventually, a woman from Thunder Fire Peak suggested that it might be a Corpse Realm Flower. She found a description of it in a book she bought off the street. Unfortunately, it only provided details about the appearance of the seed and the flower and nothing else.
Others started collecting books to find out even a shred of information about the seed. The business of buying and selling books on the street boomed.
The library in the sect wasn’t enough, so they had to gather books from everywhere. Some even went near Azure Mountain to infiltrate and investigate the books. Others resorted to capturing people to forcefully snatch away the books related to the seed.
didn’t pay much attention to it, but Cheng Chou would occasionally mention it when he returned to the garden.
During this half-month period, the Divine Corpse Du Yong visited twice, claiming that he wanted to see the Spirit Herb Garden of the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Jiang Hao didn’t stop him. He remained cautious but hoped that the person would make a move.
Another month had passed. Jiang Hao looked at the Immortal Peach Tree which was taller than him now. He wondered how many spirit stones he would need this time. He had saved up only 1,300 spirit stones over the past month.
He decided to stop making the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman. It wasn’t necessary since its use was limited.
Afterward, he took a stroll around the area but didn’t discover anything. Du Yong had visited three times, but he never stayed for long. Jiang Hao was uncertain about his intentions.
‘It seems I’ll have to wait.’ Jiang Hao sighed wearily.
The work on the outer sect Spirit Herb Garden was running smoothly, with the most outstanding contribution from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. Other branches didn’t even want to compete. The Cliff of Broken Hearts was also doing well.
Jiang Hao headed to the Spirit Herb Garden and noticed fewer people gathered around the Corpse Realm Flower Seed. Despite having researched diligently, no one had been able to make it germinate. There was no progress at all.
The Candlelight Pill Pavilion concluded that this was no ordinary seed but an extraordinary treasure. However, to others, their words were nonsense.
After collecting the bubbles, Jiang Hao left the Cliff of Broken Hearts and headed toward the Lawless Tower. It was time to meet Zhuang Yuzhen.
His disciple had yet to make a move, leaving Jiang Hao somewhat disappointed. He understood that if Zhuang Yuzhen only dared to send the clone here, it meant he was highly cautious.
He wouldn’t take any rash actions without being certain of his safety, especially when it involved the Corpse Heart.
Jiang Hao speculated that the Corpse Heart was with the main body of Qu
Zhong, which was likely located somewhere near the heavenly Note Sect. Jiang Hao had to make Zhuang Yuzhen believe that everything was alright so that he would give instructions to his disciple to bury the Corpse Heart.
He arrived at the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower. The man was still in Room
No. 1.
“We meet again,” Jiang Hao said.
Zhuang Yuzhen raised his head slowly and glanced at Jiang Hao. “You claim that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in your hands? On what basis do you claim such a thing?” he asked weakly.
“On what basis?” Jiang Hao thought about it for a while. “I can’t answer that. It’s up to you to choose to believe me or not.”
Zhuang Yuzhen sneered. “Then I don’t believe you. Just leave.”
remained calm. “The Corpse Realm Flower Seeds belong to you, right?”
“Bah!” Zhuang Yuzhen spat. “You’ll get nothing from me. If you want me t talk, show me the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.’
“It seems I’m right,” Jiang Hao said nonchalantly. “Can you tell me how to it? I already know about it, but it’s better coming from you.”
“Are you deaf?” Zhuang Yuzhen laughed maniacally. “Now, you’re just ann me. Leave!”
Jiang Hao didn’t mind his words. He stepped forward and gestured to Zhu Yuzhen. Then he retracted his hand. “Now, I will say just two words. It’s a name. After I utter that name, you will fear me. Perhaps you will find it ea to talk after that. ‘
“Two words?” Zhuang Yuzhen laughed. “No matter how many words you s doesn’t matter to me.”
After the man went quiet, Jiang Hao whispered, “Qu Zhong.”
Zhuang Yuzhen froze.. ‘How does he know that name? Out of all my discip why does he utter his name?’