Chapter 229: Suppressing A Strong Opponent
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Zhuang Yuzhen stood still, staring straight at the person outside.
Jiang Hao smiled faintly and took a step back. “Your attitude has indeed changed. ”
“What do you mean?” Zhuang Yuzhen scowled.
“How is the Corpse Realm Flower Seed cultivated?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Hmph! You’re just a late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator!” Zhuang Yuzhen shouted. “Do you really think you can intimidate me?” “Until next time, then…” Jiang Hao turned around and walked away.
“Stop! Stop right there!” Zhuang Yuzhen shouted.
Jiang Hao ignored him. Next time, he would bring the prisoner a gift. But first, he needed to see what Qu Zhong would do.
If the person didn’t make any moves, Jiang Hao would do nothing and wait. Killing the clone would do nothing but alert the enemy.
Jiang Hao decided to wait for the traitor to appear.
After Jiang Hao left, the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower fell silent.
Zhuang Yuzhen lowered his head. He wanted to remain calm, but he couldn’t.
After a few moments, he roared. “Tell him to come and see me! I want to talk to him!”
However, only silence greeted him back.
“Just bring him here! I will tell you how to cultivate the Corpse Realm Flower…
Just call that person!”
His voice finally attracted the attention of some guards.
“I want to see him.” Zhuang Yuzhen’s voice was low.
“Who do you want to see?” A woman in the black robe asked him icily.
“The one who was just here a moment ago. A late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator,” said Zhuang Yuzhen.
“He is not under my jurisdiction. I cannot call him,” the woman in the black robe said indifferently.
“Then find someone who can!” Zhuang Yuzhen shouted angrily.
“Show some sincerity, and maybe I’ll think about it!” the woman said.
“The bodies of cows, bats, rats, swallows, pigs, and beetles should be buried in the soil every other day for the seeds to absorb the nutrients… It will sprout in seven days!”
Baizhi looked at the note in disbelief.
Regardless of whether what was written on the note was true or false, the progress stunned Baizhi. The prisoner had been so stubborn until now.
“That was what the prisoner said,” said the woman in the black robe.
“Why did he suddenly say that?” Baizhi asked in confusion.
“Today, Jiang Hao went to the Lawless Tower, and then he talked to the prisoner about something. I saw Jiang Hao leave after that, but the prisoner started screaming and shouting hysterically.”
“Oh?” Baizhi was surprised. “Do you know what he said?” she asked.
The woman in the black robe shook her head. “I was too far away to hear it.”
Baizhi was silent for a while. “Zhu Chan, come see me.
Zhou Chan, who was guarding the gate, arrived on her flying sword.
“Elder, greetings!” Zhou Chan respectfully greeted her.
“Take this and try to follow the instructions.” Baizhi handed the piece of paper to Zhou Chan and told her to leave.
“If that works, do we send Jiang Hao to meet the prisoner as he requested?” asked the woman in the black robe.
“Did you promise him anything?” Baizhi asked.
“No.” The woman in the black robe shook her head. “Then there’s no need to do anything,” Baizhi said.
“And what if I had promised him?”
Baizhi smiled. “It wouldn’t matter. He is our prisoner. The longer we keep him hanging, the more he will realize who holds the power here.”
“Then…” the woman in the black robe hesitated for a moment before asking, “Should we use something as bait?”
Baizhi chuckled. “Two visits from Jiang Hao did far more than months of interrogation from you. Do you think anything else will work as bait?”
The woman in the black robe lowered her head. It was true.
After dismissing the guard, Baizhi wondered what to do next.
She didn’t care how Jiang Hao had accomplished it. After all, Jiang Hao’s role was to be the bait to lure the traitors in. However, she did want to know if he had betrayed the sect in any way.
Without evidence, she couldn’t take action against him, no matter how suspicious he seemed.
The Sect Master only tasked her with investigating Jiang Hao and not taking action against him.
Even if she found evidence, she would have to consult the Sect Master before taking action.
Only Jiang Hao was able to plant the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Baizhi didn’t know if that was a coincidence or something more…
Others might target him without reason, but she couldn’t. She was the only onc who knew that the Sect Master had tasked Jiang Hao with planting her flower.
‘Perhaps I can investigate the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to understand why only Jiang Hao is able to plant it.’
Jiang Hao felt that everything was going according to plan.
If Elder Baizhi asked him about it, he had an answer. He could tell her that he happened to come across the name of a disciple from the Divine Corpse Sect and used it to pique the prisoner’s interest.
It was a desperate move.
As for what would happen next, Jiang Hao wasn’t sure. He decided to wait patiently.
Jiang Hao felt a sense of accomplishment when recalling how Zhuang Yuzhen had shouted after him.
He saw a middle-aged man walking toward him. The man was dressed in a white and blue Daoist robe. His eyes were deep and perceptive, and he exuded an extraordinary aura.
Jiang Hao stepped aside and respectfully bowed. However, the middle-aged man stopped in his tracks when he reached Jiang Hao.
A powerful force pressed down on Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao broke out in a cold sweat. After a while, the pressure disappeared. Jiang Hao suddenly realized that the middle-aged man had somehow appeared on the mountain without him noticing.
He quickly moved away.
‘The Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion… Why would he appear here?’ Jiang
Hao’s heart sank. ‘If he had attacked me just now, could I have escaped?’
Jiang Hao realized that there was no way he could have escaped alive if that had happened.
‘But why would he go to the Lawless Tower?’
Jiang Hao thought of Liu Xingchen’s warning. He had said that someone from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion was about to advance.
‘Is he still trying to find a vessel to advance? It is no wonder he hates me so much..
Jiang Hao returned to his house and breathed a sigh of relief. He decided not to go to the Lawless Tower for a while.
His next step would depend on Qu Zhong’s actions..