Chapter 230: The Corpse Realm Flower Sprouts
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At noon the next day, Cheng Chou finished with the work in the outer sect’s Spirit Herb Garden and returned to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
He headed to the Spirit Herb Garden to see if anyone needed his help.
He needed to accompany the spirit beast and Xiao Li to test Chu Chuan today. They had done this every week, and Chu Chuan lost every time.
However, it was admirable that he was always willing to try again with new gusto, no matter how many times he was beaten. In fact, he seemed to look forward to the tests every week.
In less than two years since joining the sect, he had reached the third stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. Recently, he made a breakthrough into the fourth stage.
The speed of his advancement and the talent he displayed were quite different.
“The Cliff of Broken Hearts is truly beautiful,” Du Yong said with a smile.
He had followed Cheng Chou to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. He had interacted with disciples from various branches and observed them.
This time, it was the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
Cheng Chou didn’t think much about it. He checked up on the spirit herbs.
Cheng Chou hadn’t made progress with his cultivation after his advancement. Jiang Hao had also left him alone to explore and learn on his own.
“By the way, I walked this way the last time and saw someone’s house. Whose house is that? Are there seniors living in that area?” asked Du Yong. “I turned back immediately. I was scared that if a senior was living there, they would offended.’
“That’s Senior Brother Jiang’s house,” said Cheng Chu. “He prefers to live in secluded places.”
“Senior Brother Jiang Hao?” Du Yong was surprised.
“Yes.” Cheng Chou nodded.
“Senior Brother Jiang seems quite formidable.” Du Yong looked around and whispered, “The incident from last time really shocked me.”
Cheng Chou nodded. He felt the same.
He knew the incident Du Yong was referring to. It had to do with Xia Cheng. had been frightened too. However, no one bothered him after that.
In the afternoon, Du Yong bid farewell to Cheng Chou.
‘So, it’s Jiang Hao… He is only in the late stage of the Foundation Establishme Realm. How did he get hold of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower? That kind of divine item shouldn’t be touched barehanded. I need to think of something My main goal isn’t to obtain the flower, after all. Should I just find a place to bury the… I need to be careful. After the Master’s attack, the sect will be too vigilant.’
He suddenly stopped in his tracks.
‘Late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm… What if I turn him into my clone? I can try to establish a good relationship with him first. I can then lead him to the outside of the sect and transform him into a new clone! The only concern is that I will have to use my true body. That is risky.. ‘
He hesitated, then decided to get on Jiang Hao’s good side first.
The Corpse Realm Flower hadn’t sprouted anywhere in the sect, which meant that his master hadn’t revealed anything yet. He still had time…
Jiang Hao hadn’t left the Cliff of Broken Hearts since the time he encountered the Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
He also temporarily stopped visiting the market to sell talismans. As a result, he had quite a few of them.
He planned to sell them all together after a while.
A month passed by, and Jiang Hao stayed put.
Xiao Li also reached the fifth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
Cheng Chou was now used to her speed and wasn’t surprised anymore.
“Senior Brother Jiang, did you think about visiting Xiao Li’s house?” Cheng
Chou asked.
They were planning to set off for Xiao Li’s house today.
Xiao Li was also eager to go back. She had hidden many good things and was waiting to take them back to her old parents.
Jiang Hao remained silent for a while. “Just tell them that I might need more time…’
Cheng Chou nodded. He knew that it wasn’t easy for Jiang Hao to venture out of the sect.
Jiang Hao gave Cheng Chou some spirit stones, pills, and talismans. He didn’t need to brief Cheng Chou. This wasn’t the first time he had escorted Xiao Li back home.
Xiao Li, on the other hand, needed to be reminded and warned of certain things.
“Did you store the food in your storage treasure?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes.”
“You can’t leave anything lying around, especially herbs,” Jiang Hao said.
“Oh…” Xiao Li rearranged something in her storage treasure.
“The golden ring…”
Xiao Li grabbed the ring around her neck and exclaimed, “It’s mine!”
“I’ll teach you a new method of using it. When you go back, put the golden ring in the courtyard of your house or the hall, and then use this method.” Xiao Li nodded. Jiang Hao asked her to demonstrate once.
It turned out that Xiao Li, as a member of the Dragon Clan, was an exceptionally fast learner. She could do it on the first try.
He hoped she would remember to bury the ring in her courtyard. He left Cheng Chou with the task of making sure she did it.
Jiang Hao bid them goodbye.
In the afternoon, he finished tending to the spirit herbs and decided to go to the market to sell the talismans.
A month had passed, and he hadn’t encountered the Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion again.
As for the Corpse Realm Flower Seeds, many people kept trying to make them sprout.
Jiang Hao had joined the sect relatively late, and his cultivation level wasn’t high in the eyes of the others. So, he was never really given a chance to try anything.
Many seniors tried to come up with new and innovative ways to try to make the seed germinate, but nothing worked.
Jiang Hao felt that this would drag on for a year or two more. Although he wanted to hurry, he didn’t really force his way in to try his method.
Furthermore, after encountering the Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, he was even more reluctant to draw attention to himself.
There was a commotion at the edge of the Spirit Herb Garden. Jiang Hao looked in that direction. There were a group of people there. They all looked shocked.
“The seed is glowing.”
“Why did it suddenly start glowing?”
“I just watered it.”
“Look, the seed has cracked. It’s sprouting!”
Jiang Hao was also surprised. ‘The seed sprouted?!’
“It’s true! Who did it?”
More and more people gathered in the area. Jiang Hao also wanted to go and take a look, but he held himself back.
It was a pity someone had done it, but it was alright. He was about to advance to another stage and didn’t really want to draw attention to himself anyway.
The next day, everyone learned that the Corpse Realm Flower had sprouted in all twelve branches.
This left everyone puzzled. They knew that it wasn’t just a coincidence.
The Law Enforcement Hall declared that all the seeds had sprouted.
One branch had managed to make it sported, which had started a chain reaction everywhere. People were shocked and filled with doubt. They wanted to know who had done it first..