Chapter 231: To Create A Clone
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was also curious. However, he remained calm and quiet.
At noon, he returned to the Spirit Herb Garden after selling the talismans.
Han Ming was waiting for him. He was still in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He wasn’t very far from advancing to the late stage. It was quite impressive.
“Tunior Brother Han. vour cultivation has become more refined.” liang Hao said with a smile.
Han Ming felt proud. “I am different from you, Senior Brother Jiang. I travel around to gain experience and improve myself. You stay in the Spirit Herb Garden all day. Sooner or later, I’ll surpass you.”
“Your talent is astonishing. I’m sure you’ll surpass me very soon.”
Han Ming intended to accept the compliments after defeating Jiang Hao and then teaching him a lesson for not cultivating properly. “Master sent me here to call you. He wants to meet you, Senior Brother Jiang.” “Master wants to see me?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
“I don’t know the reason either, but don’t delay.” Han Ming turned and left.
‘Is this about Xiao Li?’ Jiang Hao had been planning her trips back home with Cheng Chou. He couldn’t think about anything else other than that.
A short while later, he arrived in the courtyard of Ku Wu Chang’s house.
“Master, you wanted to see me?” Jiang Hao asked as he entered the courtyard.
Ku Wu Chang looked solemn. He always looked like that. “The Corpse Realm Flower has bloomed everywhere, and the highest credit goes to you.”
Jiang Hao looked bewildered.
“This book is the main reward. Take it back and study it for seven days.” Ku Wu Chang handed a book to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao accepted the book. The title read, “Nine Extreme Corpse Dissolution Techniques.”
‘The technique of the Divine Corpse Sect?’ Jiang Hao hesitated.
“Master, why am I being credited for it?”
“Don’t you know?” Ku Wu Chang’s ever- somber face revealed a hint of surprise.
Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Elder Baizhi said that you interrogated the prisoner, and that’s how the prisoner gave away this information.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. ‘Did Zhuang Yuzhen confess?
He hadn’t received any news about it. He hadn’t visited the Lawless Tower in a month.
Getting credited wasn’t favorable for him right now, especially since he was trying not to draw attention to himself. It would invite only trouble.
“Is there anything else you need?” asked Ku Wu Chang.
Jiang Hao found it difficult to speak up. Ku Wu Chang gave him five thousand spirit stones as a reward.
Jiang Hao then left his master’s courtyard. He now had a total of eight thousand spirit stones.
After tending to the spirit herbs in the Spirit Herb Garden, he returned to his house and started reading the book.
“Master.” The spirit beast hopped in front of Jiang Hao. “Chu Chuan has reached the fourth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm! Do we need to give him something?”
“He has reached the fourth stage already?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
He then gave some things to the spirit beast to pass on to Chu Chuan. “What about Lin Zhi? Has he made any progress?”
“He is still at the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm,” the spirit beast said. “If he continues like this, he will be expelled from the sect.”
Jiang Hao was aware of that. If a disciple remained in the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for five years without making progress, they would get expelled from the sect.
The Heavenly Note Sect had no use for disciples who couldn’t make progress.
The sect didn’t tolerate waste.
“How is his condition now?” Jiang Hao asked.
“It’s still the same. He is mocked and occasionally beaten by others. The new outer sect disciples kick and punch him as they please,” the spirit beast said with a sigh. “He is miserable.”
Jiang Hao just nodded and didn’t ask anything further.
He flipped open the “Nine Extremes Corpse Dissolution Technique” and continued reading it. He also activated his Clear and Pure Heart ability to comprehend the technique perfectly. From nightfall until dawn, Jiang Hao read the book.
The spirit beast practiced some fighting techniques. As the sun rose, Jiang Hao closed the book.
‘So… that’s how it is.’
He now roughly understood the situation with Zhuang Yuzhen and Qu Zhong.
The cultivation method of the “Nine Extremes Corpse Dissolution Technique” was related to Corpse Separation.
Starting from the Foundation Establishment Realm, a disciple could possess someone and turn them into a clone. The clone was called a Divine Corpse. It required the disciple to take over someone else’s body.
It could be a living or a dead person. It could even be a spirit beast.
The Divine Corpse could cultivate, but that would take up the main cultivator’s time and energy.
If the cultivator’s original body is not strong enough to advance to the Golden Core Realm, they could perform a Corpse Fusion and devour the Divine Corpse to increase their cultivation.
After reaching the Golden Core Realm, a disciple could possess two Divine Corpses. The Corpse Fusion created a Corpse Heart, which contains the essence of the clone.
A disciple in the Primordial Spirit realm could possess three clones or Divine Corpses…
The difference between the original body and the clones was that the clones did not possess a heart. However, others wouldn’t know about it because the power that lingers around the heart would keep it beating.
‘The book doesn’t mention that the Corpse Heart can bring about rebirth or how to release the Corpse Heart. But it seems Qu Zhong has three clones since he is in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm… Zhuang Yuzhen has already performed the Corpse Fusion and is about to advance! The attempt to seize the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is perhaps related to his advancement. He cannot be allowed to succeed. If he does, he will break through to the next stage or realm!’
Jiang Hao let out a sigh.
‘This is a very powerful cultivation technique. It even allows the main cultivator to be reborn in other clones if the main body dies… If I had a clone, I would hide my main body and let the clones handle things. I wonder if the clones can absorb the bubbles. It would be perfect if that was possible! Unfortunately, the Hong Meng Heart Sutra is not compatible with making clones.’
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra only worked on the main body and not on clones. If Jiang Hao switched cultivation techniques now, all his progress could be undermined.
Although it was useful to have clones, it was inferior to the protection and strength that the Hong Meng Heart Sutra provided him.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao returned the book to the Cliff Master, Ku Wu Chang.
His master informed him that according to the sect’s rules, he could choose to cultivate the technique but couldn’t use other fellow disciples in the sect as clones.
If he were discovered doing so, it would be considered a betrayal of the sect.
He couldn’t use the technique even on a dead disciple of the sect. Anyone who does it must be reported.
“For now, only you know about this technique. Without my permission, you cannot disclose it to others,” Ku Wu Chang solemnly said.
“Understood,” Jiang Hao said politely.
Ku Wu Chang asked if he wanted to cultivate it, but Jiang Hao shook his head. The technique was not suitable for him.
After that, Jiang Hao returned to the Spirit Herb Garden.
In these seven days, news spread that he was credited with achievement of figuring out the way to make the seed germinate.
As he had guessed, the Hall of Merit only announced the outcome and didn’t explain how he had done it.
People from other branches didn’t say anything. Not many people knew him, after all.
They were curious about how he had managed to make the seed sprout, but that was classified information. Nobody knew the exact answer.
While people from other branches didn’t think much about it, the ones from the Cliff of Broken Hearts were bewildered.
Some people heard about Jiang Hao for the first time. Others speculated that Jiang Hao must have used some illegal or questionable means to find a way. However, such things were normal in the demonic sect.
So, apart from a few disparaging remarks and disdain for his talent and cultivation, there was nothing more to be said.
Since the Hall of Merit had announced it, the credit went to Jiang Hao. It was a fact that everyone had to accept.
Jiang Hao could only remain silent when faced with curious stares from others. It would be better if he ventured out less.
At that moment, he sensed something from the sub-rings in his pocket. Xiao Li had reached her home..