Chapter 232: The Law Enforcement Hall is Different from the Rest
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation     Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was either the spirit beast or Xiao Li. Every ring had its own core, so Jiang Hao could determine who it was. The spirit beast didn’t understand how to connect to the main ring and open that door.
‘It seems like I need to decide whether to go or not.’
First, he needed to use Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman to see if it worked. Having made that decision, Jiang Hao glanced at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 24]
[Cultivation: Early Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might]
[Lifeblood: 96/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 96/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 2/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘If everything goes smoothly, a few days will be enough for me to advance…’
He could buy a few seeds, which cost up to a thousand spirit stones. It could give him some bubbles that might be enough to advance. However, earning spirit stones was difficult, so he didn’t want to spend them.
Although he could earn spirit stones later, it would take a long time. Also, he had to wait for the right time to transplant the spirit herb. It was too much of a hassle.
As for the bubbles, the herbs would either give white or green bubbles. It was difficult to get blue bubbles. Only top-tier herbs produced blue bubbles.
There was a chance that his spirit herb might be stolen as well. He didn’t have any anti-theft arrays here.
Elder Baizhi wasn’t worried about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower because she needed to lure in the traitors. Hong Yuye wasn’t worried because she genuinely didn’t care. Jiang Hao never had to set up powerful arrays because of that.
It was also very expensive to put up powerful arrays. He was still poor.
If he really wanted to collect bubbles, it was better to plant the spirit herbs in the Spirit Herb Garden. However, if he planted it in the Spirit Herb Garden, everyone would find out about it.
If anyone thought he was that wealthy despite being only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, it would attract trouble. Two weeks later, Jiang Hao glanced at his interface again.
[Lifeblood: 99/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 99/100 (can be cultivated)]
He only had one point lacking. If the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower gave him two bubbles, then he could begin his advancement.
Du Yong had visited a few times, but they only exchanged a few words. It seemed that he wasn’t in a hurry. Jiang Hao was patient enough to wait, as he didn’t really have any intention of rushing things.
However, he did check his surroundings to see if the Corpse Heart had been buried. Occasionally, he used the Daily Appraisal on Du Yong to find out more information on the Corpse Heart. So far, everything was the same.
In the next few days, Gui sent him a message saying that she had the location of the dragon and wanted to talk to him about it.
Jiang Hao pretended not to see it, fearing that she would ask about his whereabouts. He could only wait. If she asked, he would tell her he was a little busy. Being an undercover agent was not easy.
As for Xiao Li, her sub-ring had temporarily malfunctioned. She must have probably taken it away to play with. Fortunately, the next day, it returned to normal.
At night, Jiang Hao took out a Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman and activated it with a wisp of spiritual energy. The power of the talisman enveloped him.
He wasn’t sure if it had worked or malfunctioned. After hesitating for a moment, he began pacing back and forth at the entrance of the courtyard.
It wasn’t until midnight that he realized someone was watching him. He could see four pairs of eyes.
‘It seems that it works! Also, some people are keeping an eye on my place…’ Since it was effective, he had to go to the Law Enforcement Hall to meet Liu Xingchen to see if he could leave the sect for a while.
The next day, at the foot of the Law Enforcement Hall, he met Liu Xingchen.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you came to find me?” Liu Xingchen was surprised.
Jiang Hao sensed that Liu Xingchen was closer to advancing to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He was progressing so fast!
So far, he hadn’t seen anyone surpass Liu Xingchen. The True Disciples of the Heavenly Note Sect were truly something else.
Although Bai Ye was strong, in Jiang Hao’s eyes, he wasn’t as good as Liu Xingchen. That was because Bai Ye hid in the shadows, while Liu Xingchen walked undaunted. He was unaffected by any threats directed at him..