Chapter 233: Last Glimmer of Light
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At night, Jiang Hao checked his surroundings and began cultivating.
After more than a year of accumulation, he was finally able to advance.
If everything went smoothly, he would be able to reach the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He would temporarily surpass Liu Xingchen.
However, he needed to be wary of Bai Ye.
In the past two days, he had assessed his own situation and tested all kinds of powers. There were no issues at all.
Unfortunately, Hong Yuye hadn’t visited for seven months. Otherwise, Jiang Hao could have had some security.
He emptied his mind of all thoughts and began to advance. His spiritual energy surged within his body.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra circulated and nourished his body. It allowed his spiritual energy to flow through his meridians and ultimately feed his Primordial Spirit Realm.
There was some tingling sensation during the breakthrough, but it was a
normal phenomenon.
After enduring for a moment, Jiang Hao felt as if a great door had blasted open, and a new power began to condense.
‘I’ve reached the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm!’
It had happened sooner than he expected. His Primordial Spirit Realm capabilities had helped him advance easily.
Frequently collecting bubbles and possessing Primordial Spirit divine abilities made his situation far superior to others of the same level.
Liu Xingchen’s advancement was also fast. Perhaps it was because he devoured the souls of those who possessed him. He might also possess divine abilities.
Jiang Hao didn’t know much about his abilities, so it was difficult to speculate.
He closed his eyes again and planned to use the remaining points to refine his cultivation.
The next morning, Jiang Hao activated the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability.
Once his cultivation recovered, he stored the stacks on his wrist guards.
He also took out the Half-Moon Blade to refine it.
He didn’t go to the Spirit Herb Garden the entire day. He only got up and headed there near dusk to collect some bubbles and check on the spirit herbs.
After returning to his courtyard, he used the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman. It concealed his aura.
As expected, there were people spying on him in secret.
Judging from their aura, their cultivation shouldn’t be that powerful.
However, he didn’t probe because he didn’t want them to sense him. It seemed that they all had treasures to conceal their presence.
After a long time, the spies disappeared.
After informing the spirit beast that he would go to the Spirit Herb Garden tomorrow, he went into the house.
He sensed the aura of Xiao Li’s sub-ring and then sat cross-legged on the floor.
At this moment, he was still nurturing the Half-Moon Blade.
Late at night, he disappeared from the spot.
Huangsha River.
Yuxia Village.
The moon shone brightly in the sky, and a silver veil descended from above, enveloping the small, peaceful village.
Occasionally, a dog’s bark could be heard from a distance. Mostly, there were sounds of crickets chirping at night.
In a corner of the village, a small courtyard was still illuminated.
“Mother, I’m going to sleep. Tomorrow, I’ll go to the river to catch fish with Father for you,” said a girl’s voice.
“Alright, go to sleep. You won’t be able to wake up tomorrow if you sleep late.” “Tell me the story about the Sea God,” said the girl’s voice after a while.
“Okay.”
After a while, the story ended. The girl didn’t respond. She must have fallen asleep.
At this moment, a figure appeared in the courtyard. His appearance didn’t alarm anyone.
‘Is this the place?’ Jiang Hao glanced at the courtyard and turned away.
He had no intention of disturbing the people living there. He walked out of the courtyard and saw Cheng Chou. He was digging underneath a tree.
Jiang Hao didn’t disturb him.
After some time, Jiang Hao walked to the farthest part of the mountain and sat cross-legged under a tree. He attracted danger, so he wanted to see if the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman really worked to hide him from other people’s eyes.
If he failed, someone would probably notice him. There was a chance he could escape their attacks if he moved fast enough.
He was fully prepared. He would kill anyone who attacked him. If the enemy was stronger than him, he would stall for time and teleport to his house in the sect.
This way, he wouldn’t have to involve Xiao Li and the others.
Until dawn, Jiang Hao didn’t sense any danger. He was safe for now.
When he was heading toward the village, he saw an elderly man with a bamboo basket coming out of Xiao Li’s house.
The old man had a slightly bent back, dark skin, and a face full of wrinkles.
Jiang Hao frowned. After a second of thought, he walked toward him.
His footsteps attracted the old man’s attention.
“Young man, are you looking for directions? Are you lost?” asked the old man with concern.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “Just passing by. I wanted to take a stroll through this area. What are you here for?”
“I’m going to dig for some bamboo shoots,” the old man said.
“Please let me accompany you, ” said Jiang Hao.
The old man nodded. The young man looked formidable and was polite. If he were here to attack him, then he wouldn’t be able to escape anyway.
“Alright.”
Then the two of them walked toward the mountains.
“Are you feeling alright?” asked Jiang Hao. “Why do you want to go so far for bamboo shoots? What about your family?”
The old man chuckled. “I’ve been bedridden for half a month. My daughter keeps saying that the bamboo shoots I pick taste good. Today, I feel much better. I thought I would search for some bamboo shoots in the mountains.” “It seems you really love your daughter.”
“She’s mischievous, but she’s really well-behaved,” said the old man proudly.
“What about your other children?” Jiang Hao asked.
The old man shook his head helplessly. “Who knows? Maybe they don’t want to take care of us anymore, or maybe they are already dead.”
The old man stopped in front of a bamboo grove and was about to start digging.
“I’ll do it. I’ve never done this before, but I’ve always wanted to try,” Jiang Hao said. He smiled and took the hoe from the old man’s hands.
“But it’s inconvenient for you, young man,” said the old man.
“That’s alright. I don’t mind. Do you have any regrets in your life?” asked Jiang Hao as he dug the soil.
“Of course.” The old man laughed. “Who lives without regrets? I feel like I’ve spent most of my life either regretting or feeling remorse.”
“Life has been tough, hasn’t it?” Jiang Hao glanced at the calluses on the old man’s hands.
The old man leaned against the bamboo and chuckled. “Can’t be helped… Everyone lives a life full of struggles. I’m curious about the lives of rich people in the city. I wonder what kind of hoe they use for farming…”
“Golden ones?” liang Hao said
The old man laughed heartily. “The rich folks don’t farm. They make others do it for them.”
Jiang Hao smiled and then dug out a bamboo shoot.
“Please dig out one more. I’m going to save it for my daughter.”
Jiang Hao took the bamboo basket. “Of course. I have plenty of time.”
As he watched the old man’s vitality seemingly burning its last flame, Jiang Hao couldn’t help but sigh..