Chapter 235: Appearing Mysterious In The Next Gathering
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The sudden attack startled and enraged the dragon.
With a furious roar, it was about to attack the humans nearby.
It couldn’t believe that a mere Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator dared to be so audacious! His cultivation wasn’t enough to even destroy its scales.
In an instant, its power surged. The dragon roared. It began its counterattack.
However, it felt the force of a mountain suppressing its spirit.
Jiang Hao had used his Divine Might ability.
The dragon snorted coldly. How dare such a weak human show off his might to a dragon?
The dragon’s soul trembled and broke free from everything. Moonlight flashed, and a blade slashed down.
Boom!
The saber collided with the dragon’s scales.
Crack!
To the dragon’s astonishment, its scales shattered, and the blade pierced its body. But the blade didn’t stop there. With a formidable downward slash, it aimed to cleave the dragon in two.
A purple aura surged and destroyed everything. The dragon tasted death. It didn’t hesitate. It separated its dragon soul from its body.
Jiang Hao raised his blade again, and the Mountain Suppression technique appeared on his wrist, ready to use.
He intended to kill the dragon. However, before the blade could descend, something escaped from the dragon’s body.
It was the dragon’s soul!
Jiang Hao changed his direction and slashed at the dragon’s soul instead.
Clang!
A light curtain protected the dragon’s soul. Something tried to strike Jiang Hao from behind. It was the dragon trying to restrain his Mountain Suppression technique.
Jiang Hao ignored the attack from behind, gripped his blade tightly, and struck down.
Boom!
The light curtain shattered, and the Mountain Suppression fell on the dragon’s soul. It was severely injured.
The attack from behind reached Jiang Hao, but his Nine Heavenly Battle Armor protected him.
With a bang, a powerful force penetrated the armor and struck his back. Fortunately, the impact wasn’t that great.
Jiang Hao reached out a hand toward the escaping dragon’s soul and activated his Universe in a Palm technique.
A purple aura surged and trapped the escaping dragon’s soul.
Jiang Hao floated midair, and the purple sphere floated on his palm. Inside was the remnant of the dragon’s soul.
Meanwhile, its body fell heavily on the water’s surface.
Jiang Hao used the same technique to seal the dragon’s body too.
“Human, what kind of magical technique is that?” The remnant of the dragon’s soul was a little afraid.
Jiang Hao put away his blade. He held the remnant of the dragon’s soul in his left hand and the sealed dragon’s body in his right.
He then activated Daily Appraisal on the remnant of the dragon’s soul.
[Remnant of the Dragon’s Soul: The soul of a dragon that just escaped from its body. It was chased by a powerful enemy, cursed, and its strength reduced to one-tenth. Now, you’ve attacked it. It’s a dying candle in the wind. It sensed the presence of another dragon here and was hiding in the Huangsha River to strike at the right time. Its location will be known to others at any time.]
“Hmm?” The appraisal results surprised Jiang Hao. He had a feeling that he had heard about this dragon before.
He remembered that Gui had been complaining about a dragon. She kept saying the dragon had repeatedly escaped her.
Its strength was reduced to one-tenth. If it was at its full strength, it would have far surpassed Jiang Hao. It was no wonder it kept running away from Gui.
The people in the stone tablet were not ordinary.
‘It seems Xiao Li’s presence attracted the dragon…’
He looked at the remnant of the dragon’s soul. “Who is chasing after you?”
“What are you talking about?” The remnant of the dragon’s soul pretended to be confused.
“Cursed and hunted by an enemy… You’ve had to use your talent to hide many times, right? Do you now understand what I’m talking about?”
The dragon’s soul looked shocked. It couldn’t understand how Jiang Hao knew all this.
“I… I don’t know who she is. I just accidentally provoked her. She started chasing me. At that time, she was in a secret realm. She must have thought I saw something important, so she pursued me,” the dragon’s soul said angrily.
“If it weren’t for her, I would have transformed into a True Dragon.”
“Is that so?” Jiang Hao sighed as he looked at the dragon’s soul. “Is there anything else you want to say?”
“I can take you to that place and pledge my allegiance to you. I have the potential to transform into a True Dragon. I can do many things for you,” the dragon’s soul said hurriedly.
“Very well,” Jiang Hao said.
As the dragon’s soul rejoiced, the Half-Moon Blade appeared in Jiang Hao’s hand. He swung it towards the dragon’s soul.
Jiang Hao squeezed the energy sphere, turning everything to dust. “I’m sorry. You are far too powerful. I don’t think I will be able to control you, so I had to destroy you.”
With the dragon’s soul gone, only the dragon’s body remained.
According to Gui, the dragon had swallowed something valuable. There must be a precious treasure inside the dragon’s body!
This was also the reason why Jiang Hao decided to kill the dragon. What it said didn’t match what Gui had told him.
He decided to believe Gui, not because he trusted her, but because she didn’t pose him any danger for now.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao strengthened the seal and threw the dragon’s body into the river. It sank straight into the riverbed.
“That should do it.”
He didn’t dare touch anything inside because he didn’t know if it would attract unwanted attention. It was better to just give up.
Jiang Hao returned to the shore. Xiao Li was still clutching the big fish in her hands.
When she saw Jiang Hao approach, she exclaimed, “Senior Brother Jiang!”
Xiao Li was surprised to see that Jiang Hao didn’t care about the dragon at all. “Let’s go,” she said.
“Alright.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“I just caught a fish. You can eat it later.” Xiao Li smiled. “My mother and father have been asking about you a lot lately. They seemed hopeful that you would come for a visit. Senior Brother Cheng said you were on your way. I didn’t believe him… but it seems it was true!”
Jiang Hao nodded.
“What about the beast? Why didn’t the beast come with you?” Xiao Li looked around.
“It’s guarding the house,” Jiang Hao said.
“Oh…” She happily led the way ahead with spring in her steps.
On the way, Jiang Hao took out the stone tablet and observed it. He realized that Gui was still looking for him. It seemed that the location of the dragon was about to be discovered.
Jiang Hao smiled faintly and put away the stone tablet. He didn’t plan to inform her of the situation just yet. He wasn’t in a hurry. He would casually mention it during their next meeting.
That way, he could still maintain his mysterious facade and wouldn’t have to reveal anything. In this way, he could firmly establish his position at the gathering.
The undercover mission could then proceed smoothly.
“Mother, Father, I’m back! Look who I brought with me!” As soon as they entered the courtyard, Xiao Li shouted toward the house in excitement.
She was extremely happy. Jiang Hao sighed as he watched her jump for joy.
Xiao Li seemed unaware that something was wrong. She was completely clueless that her frequent visits might soon come to an end. Her parents didn’t have much time left..