Chapter 236: A Thin Line Between Life And Death
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At noon, Jiang Hao and Cheng Chou helped start the fire. Miao Xiang began cooking.
The fish that Xiao Li had caught was the main dish being cooked.
Xiao Li talked a lot. Miao Xiang was busy cooking, and she occasionally responded to Xiao Li’s constant chatter.
Xiao Li didn’t mind. She helped with cutting the fish. Once she was finished, she picked up the bowl and went to show it to her mother.
Her mother praised her, which made Xiao Li laugh in happiness.
The quiet courtyard was lively in Xiao Li’s presence. It seemed she was the source of life and vitality in this desolate place.
Without Xiao Li, the two old people’s lives would have been lonely. Perhaps it would have been too quiet for them to look forward to their deaths.
With Xiao Li, it was different. They were still moving toward the end of their lives, but they were at least happy.
Jiang Hao saw Miao Shi sitting upright in a chair, watching Xiao Li bustling around. He looked pale and sickly.
After a while, the table was filled with various kinds of dishes. Miao Xiang had cooked everything with Cheng Chou and Xiao Li’s help.
Jiang Hao was offered a chair, and he gratefully accepted it.
The others sat down, too and began to serve the meal. There were fish dishes, cooked bamboo shoots, and chicken.
Jiang Hao picked up his chopsticks and took a bite of the fish. He then tasted the chicken and the bamboo shoots.
“This is delicious.” He smiled.
Miao Xiang laughed.
Miao Shi also smiled and put some dishes in his bowl.
Xiao Li picked up the tender meat, steamed vegetables and placed them in her parents’ bowls.
“Eat this.”
The two elders nodded and smiled.
Cheng Chou felt a bit awkward at first. However, when he saw everyone enjoying the meal, he dug in too.
Jiang Hao glanced at them occasionally while eating his food.
After finishing a bowl of rice, he asked for another one. Xiao Li excitedly ran to get it for him. Xiao Li was happy, and so were the two old people.
After the meal, Jiang Hao watched as Xiao Li split firewood for her parents and fed the chickens and ducks.
Jiang Hao felt a bit sentimental.
In the evening, they had dinner. There were fish and bamboo shoots. Miao Xiang had made pastries too.
At night, Miao Shi sat beside Jiang Hao while Miao Xiang put Xiao Li to sleep. “Tell me the story of the Sea God,” said Xiao Li from inside the room.
“Again? Okay.”
“Then tomorrow… tell me the story of the Little Seashell.” Jiang Hao lowered his head.
Miao Shi sat straight beside him. “I’m sorry for troubling you.”
“That’s alright,” said Jiang Hao. “You should go and stay with Xiao Li as long as you can.”
Miao Shi nodded and walked inside.
Jiang Hao sat in the courtyard and closed his eyes to rest.
He sat there until the first ray of sunlight hit his face. He got up and entered the inner room.
Xiao Li was sitting next to the two old people. She looked very worried. “Are you feeling unwell?”
She helped them up. “I will go find a doctor. I can help brew some medicine too.”
“It’s okay. I’m in perfect health,” said Miao Xiang.
Miao Shi looked at Xiao Li in concern. His eyes were closing.
He hadn’t slept a wink all night. He was afraid that if he closed his eyes, he might not open them again.
“You don’t need to be scared even if you’re sick,” Xiao Li said. “I’ll stay here and take care of you until you get better. I can catch fish, cook, and brew medicine. I can take good care of you. Leave it all to me from now on.”
“You have grown up,” said Miao Xiang with a smile.
She whispered to Xiao Li, “There should be eggs today. Go and see how many there are.”
“Okay.” Xiao Li got up excitedly and ran out. “If there are eggs, I’ll cook them for you.”
Jiang Hao sat beside them. Cheng Chou also walked in from outside.
He lowered his head sadly when he saw the two old and sickly people.
He had accompanied Xiao Li here many times before. He felt sad for the two people.
“Can I entrust Xiao Li to you in the future?” Miao Xiang asked Jiang Hao.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Miao Xiang had a little time, but Miao Shi was breathing his last breath.
“We have a secret,” Miao Shi said weakly. “We thought we would take it to our graves, but… it seems only right to tell you. We found Xiao Li in the river.”
“I know,” Jiang Hao said softly. “I also know that Xiao Li is a True Dragon. It’s one of the reasons she grows so slowly. It’s normal for her. I promise she will grow up to be an adult.”
“Thank you.” The two elders smiled.
Finally, they looked at Cheng Chou as if thanking him for taking care of them all this time.
When they closed their eyes, Xiao Li came running with eggs in her hands. A middle-aged man and a woman appeared behind her.
When the two old people closed their eyes, they thought they heard someone calling out for them. “Mother… Father…”
Soon, they heard Xiao Li’s voice in their ears. “What’s wrong? I found the eggs. Are you not feeling well? I can go and find a doctor.”
Xiao Li’s voice was choked with tears. The eggs in her hands fell to the ground and splattered everywhere.
“Please… Mother… I’m so clumsy. I dropped the eggs again. They are all smashed! Please, wake up! Scold me. You promised you would tell me a story! Please don’t leave me behind… I promise I won’t ask for meat. I’ll always listen and obey. Please don’t leave me…”
Xiao Li was sobbing now. “Please… I even grew taller than before. Please, wake up.”
Jiang Hao stood by the side and watched as the two old people breathed their last. He then reached out and held Xiao Li..