Chapter 237: Asking The Demoness For A Favor
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After Xiao Li stopped crying, Jiang Hao left the courtyard.
The funeral would be held soon. He couldn’t attend it, but he asked Cheng Chou to help out.
Jiang Hao left because of Gui. She would soon find this place because of the dragon. She might send someone to investigate secretly. After leaving the courtyard, Jiang Hao made his way to the riverside.
When the two old people were dying, Jiang Hao showed them the illusion of their children running to their bedsides. He didn’t want them to die with regrets, so he showed them what they wanted to see.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but worry about Xiao Li. It was quite a blow to her. It reminded him of his stepmother. Although she had been harsh on him, she had still raised him when he was a child. When he saw the two old people breathing their last, he couldn’t help but be reminded of his stepmother. Unfortunately, he hadn’t been able to find her or his father.
Jiang Hao stood for a long time by the riverside. The wind blew gently and swayed his robes. It carried a familiar, faint fragrance in the air.
Jiang Hao suddenly turned. Sure enough, she was there again. She wore a red and white dress. Her long hair swayed in the wind. A belt cinched her slender waist. At this moment, she was looking at the river, so Jiang Hao could only see the side of her face.
‘Hong Yuye… How did she appear here suddenly?’
“Senior…”
“I saw that the village is holding a funeral. Am I right to assume it’s somehow connected with you?” She turned to look at Jiang Hao.
“It’s related to a junior that I’m looking out for,” said Jiang Hao. “She had only those two people, and they just passed away.”
“You can’t stand to be there?” Hong Yuye faced Jiang Hao. Then she walked upstream.
“It’s nothing like that… It just makes me feel sad that life can be too short,” he said.
“How so?” asked Hong Yuye as she glanced at him.
“I knew that Junior Sister Xiao Li would have to face this day… She joined the heavenly Note Sect, so her old parents’ lives were just improving. They should have lived a long, comfortable life, but… now, they are dead only after a few years since Xiao Li joined the sect. The time was too short for them to be with each other.”
“Do you remember why you picked up a saber?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Yes,” said Jiang Hao. “The Immortal Sects usually use the blade.”
“Do you think you look like someone from the demonic sect?” asked Hong Yuye.
Jiang Hao lowered his head and remained silent.
Hong Yuye stopped speaking and walked quietly along the riverside. Jiang Hao followed her aimlessly.
“Is my tree going to bear fruit?” she asked.
“Almost.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Will it be sour or sweet this year?” Hong Yuye looked at the setting sun.
“Sweet.”
“Sweet?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao with a teasing smile. “But I want to eat something sour.”
“There should be some sour ones as well,” Jiang Hao said.
The unripe ones would be sour. Jiang Hao wondered if Hong Yuye would find fault with that too.
He hesitated. “Senior, can I ask a favor from you?”
“A favor?” Hong Yuye asked. “Sure. You’ll have to give something back as repayment, though. We can just put it on your tab for now, and I can retrieve it next time.”
“Can you please bring the spirit beast here?” asked Jiang Hao.
Hong Yuye reached out and grabbed the air. The unconscious spirit beast appeared in her hands, bloodied and bruised.
“This?” Hong Yuye threw the beast to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao was puzzled. He couldn’t understand how Hong Yuye did it.
“Thank you, Senior.”
“No need to thank me. You can pay me back next time.” Hong Yuye stared at Jiang Hao. “Tell me about your progress. It’s been over half a year. How’s your undercover mission going?”
“I did make some progress, but I still need to sort out some details,” said Jiang Hao reluctantly.
Hong Yuye gazed at Jiang Hao calmly. Then a surge of power erupted.
Bang!
Jiang Hao was sent flying and crashed heavily into a boulder.
“I hope next time you can be just as confident,” Hong Yuye said. The pain made Jiang Hao’s eyes water. When he looked up, Hong Yuye was gone.
With that, Jiang Hao finally heaved a sigh of relief. The problem was that it was difficult to investigate the person who was behind the stone tablet. It was almost impossible to find their location.
If he wanted to find them, he needed to provoke the people in the group so they revealed their location willingly.
However, uncovering the true culprit behind the stone tablets was almost impossible. Even Dan Yuan might not know who might be behind all that.
Jiang Hao looked at the spirit beast in his hand. Cheng Chou wasn’t a comforting person. Xiao Li would need all the support she could get. The spirit beast might be of comfort to her during this time.
As he threw the beast on the ground, it woke up and wailed.
With that, Jiang Hao communicated with the formation in his courtyard, where he had hidden the ring. He disappeared from the spot.
He had learned one thing from all this: the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman didn’t work on Hong Yuye. Perhaps it would only be possible to conceal himself from her after he somehow lost the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison. Since there was no way of that happening any time soon, he needed to focus on his cultivation.
At the Heavenly Note Sect, Du Yong glanced at Jiang Hao’s courtyard. He then turned and left.
“We can’t proceed with the original plan. It’s too dangerous,” he said.
Initially, he had planned to befriend Jiang Hao and lure him out of the sect. After that, he would make his true body possess him and turn him into a Divine Corpse.
However, he found out that Jiang Hao couldn’t leave the sect easily.
“This sect has so many rules. So many things are forbidden here. But they don’t care what happens outside the sect.”
What truly made him change his mind was the Corpse Realm Flower.
Under normal circumstances, the Corpse Realm Flower couldn’t bloom at all.
Even he didn’t know how to cultivate it, so it was almost impossible for the Heavenly Note Sect to figure that out. The only possibility was that something must have happened to his master.
What kind of problem would make his master reveal the secret of the Corpse Realm Flower?
There was only one reason: it had something to do with the Corpse Heart. Only that could make his master compromise.
“The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in Jiang Hao’s hands, and the credit for the blooming of the Corpse Realm Flower also goes to Jiang Hao…”
“Either he has someone supporting him from behind, or he possesses certain abilities…”
“According to my previous speculation, with his age and possession of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, it is possible that he might be an illegitimate child of a high-ranking member of the Heavenly Note Sect. But now… it seems maybe that’s not all. Maybe Jiang Hao is the illegitimate child of the Sect Master!”
“Now that the Corpse Realm Flower has bloomed, it means that my master’s Corpse Heart might be discovered too. Also, I might be targeted…’
“My only advantage is that my strength far surpasses the Foundation Establishment Realm. My true self must not appear, but we still need to place the Corpse Heart closer to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
“What is the safest way to do it?” Du Yong furrowed his brow. “I can’t possess Jiang Hao… Why not let my master possess him? If the Corpse Heart blooms, my master can directly possess him.”
“As long as I deceive him and lure him out, I can get close to him with my clone. By substituting the Corpse Heart for his heart, he will naturally nourish the Corpse Heart because he is around the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower all the time. When the Corpse Heart is released, I can seize control of it, and then the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower will also be in my hands.”
If everything went smoothly, this plan was the most efficient way of getting the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
But he needed to think it through. In any case, he needed to prioritize the safety of his true self..