Chapter 239: Finally, Gui Asks The Most Anticipated Question
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao entered the public area. The people gathered there were the same ones as before.
The four of them respectfully greeted each other. Dan Yuan smiled at them all.
“We meet again after six months!” he said.
The four of them sat cross-legged on the ground.
“Do you have any questions about cultivation?” asked Dan Yuan.
“I met a fellow cultivator overseas who encountered a bottleneck in their cultivation and couldn’t break through,” said Liu. “I feel like I might go through the same thing in the future. I might have taken the wrong path. If I create a clone and cultivate on the right path, will I be able to reverse that?”
“It’s unlikely.” Dan Yuan was deep in thought. “Reversing it would put a far greater burden on the body than anticipated. If there are pills that can nourish the body’s meridians, it could be worth a try. If not, I don’t recommend doing it. The best method is to cultivate an external body that lacks any spiritual intelligence and can only be controlled by the main body’s consciousness. After finding the correct cultivation method, you can transfer the cultivation to the main body. Then the main body can start cultivation anew. This way, you will have both security and the ability to go further.”
Liu nodded. The others didn’t have any questions.
“Then let’s talk about the previous mission.” Dan Yuan looked at everyone. “Is there any news about the person?”
Gui shook her head. Liu and Xing didn’t have any information regarding that either. They were too far away to investigate.
Gui had inquired but found out that there hadn’t been any major battles in the Heavenly Note Sect in the recent past.
After that, she was busy hunting the dragon.
Dan Yuan looked at Jiang Hao. “Friend Jing, you were also in that area. Did you find anything?”
Jiang Hao had already prepared the answer in his mind. “I did learn something,” he said.
“What is it?” asked Dan Yuan.
“Senior, have you heard of the Corpse Realm Flower?” asked Jiang Hao.
“I’ve heard of it.” Dan Yuan nodded and smiled.
“I heard it had appeared near the Heavenly Note Sect,” said Jiang Hao.
The others were surprised.
Dan Yuan was silent for a while. “I see. Anything else?”
“I heard that the flower has bloomed in the Heavenly Note Sect,” Jiang Hao said.
He was taking a gamble. Only a very few people actually knew about it. He might be discovered. He chose his next words more carefully.
Gui listened attentively.
Dan Yuan smiled. “Friend Jing, you have completed the mission. You can ask for anything you want.”
‘Completed?’ Gui and the others were puzzled.
“Jing, you can explain to them,” said Dan Yuan with a smile.
Jiang Hao felt somewhat helpless. He had to be careful. “Recently, I heard that the heavenly Note Sect has been collecting books and records on how to plant and raise the Corpse Realm Flower.”
“So?” Gui asked.
She might have investigated too early. Otherwise, she would have heard about the flower.
“The Corpse Realm Flower is a unique flower found in the northern region.
Very few people know how to cultivate it. Jing suspects that the heavenly Note Sect might have captured someone from the north,” said Liu.
Jiang Hao nodded. “What is truly worth noting is that the Corpse Realm Flower has bloomed.”
At this point, he dared not reveal any more details. It was easy to slip.
Zhuang Yuzhen only revealed the cultivation method when the Corpse Heart was threatened. So, the blooming of the Corpse Realm Flower meant that he had surrendered.
Jiang Hao’s knowledge was limited, and he didn’t dare speculate further about it.
However, the others understood. The possible capture of the Corpse Realm Flower could be an accident, but figuring out a way to make it bloom would mean that someone from the north was captured and forced to reveal the information.
Based on Dan Yuan’s information, the person who had gone to investigate the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower had been from the north.
Dan Yuan smiled and turned to look at Jiang Hao. “Friend Jing, have you thought about what information you want?”
“Senior, I was wondering if you knew why the disciples of the Great Thousand God Sect were sent to the Hidden Cloud Prefecture?
His intention was to find out something for Hong Yuye, but he didn’t dare ask openly. That would only bring him trouble. He knew that the stone tablets were from the Great Thousand God Sect.
While investigating the mastermind behind the stone table, he could also learn about the goals of the Grand Thousand God Sect and possibly find the person behind all this.
At the same time, he could also report to Hong Yuye about his findings.
It couldn’t be considered a perfect solution, but it would allow him to establish
some crea1D111LY.
“I will give you an answer at our next gathering,” Dan Yuan said. Then he looked at the others. “There is no mission this time.”
Gui looked at Jiang Hao. “Jing, I found the location of the dragon. Are you willing to go there?”
“Huangsha River,” Jiang Hao said. “You can go there and look upriver.” Finally, his moment had arrived. He had been waiting for this.
With the information about the Corpse Realm Flower and Gui’s task, his credibility was slowly being established in the group. He just had to maintain a good image now.
If he killed the wrong dragon, the consequences would be unimaginable.
“What do you mean?” Gui asked.
She realized that there were three rivers marked on the scroll. One of them was the Huangsha River.
“Do you mean I should go and search upriver?” Gui made a note of it. She found it unbelievable.
She would check it out and see if Jing was correct.
Liu and Xing were also surprised.
Jing had first completed Dan Yuan’s task, and now he was solving Gui’s problem.
Gui hesitated for a while. “What do you want in return? If your information is correct, then you can tell me what you want, so I can prepare.”
“Recently, I’ve been interested in curses,” Jiang Hao said.
He didn’t dare ask for any items from these people, as their strength far exceeded his own. Contact with them would only endanger him. So, information and techniques were the most suitable.
And his interest in curses wasn’t on a sudden whim. It was because he wanted to use it against Bai Ye.
If Bai Ye could use a Sealing Technique to seal his cultivation, Jiang Hao would find a curse to prevent him from advancing too..