Chapter 240: Free Form
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Curses?
Gui wasn’t very surprised. “What kind of curses are you looking for?”
‘What kind?’ Jiang Hao was puzzled.
“There are different types of curses. For example, there are luck-related curses, which are comprehensive curses that make everything go wrong. But they are not specific, so you might not have control over them. To succeed, you need to pay a significant price. And there are specific curses that can be either instant or delayed. For example, the curse to make someone die a horrible death might happen instantly, but cursing them with no descendant might take effect slowly over a span of decades. I used the latter type on the dragon. I cursed it with decay so that its body would weaken gradually.”
“Can I have both?” Jiang Hao asked.
“You can, but curses have backlash. I can only provide you with a method to avoid the backlash from one tvne of curse at a time- So. do von want to avoid
the backlash of comprehensive curses or specific curses?” Gui asked.
Jiang Hao understood that there was a price to pay when cursing someone. Gui didn’t mind teaching him some curses with a method to prevent the backlash.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao said, “Let’s go with the specific curses.”
They were simple and convenient, with a higher success rate. For a beginner, this choice was better. However, he wasn’t sure about the difficulty of learning a curse.
“Okay.” Gui nodded. “After confirming everything on the Huangsha River, I’ll have the curses ready for our next gathering.”
Jiang Hao nodded.
“Do you have any recommendations for clone techniques?
“If it’s for protection, it’s better to choose some orthodox, external clones,” said Xing. “The Clear Sky School has a secret technique called Free Form, which should be suitable.”
“Can we get it?” Liu asked.
“It will take some time,” Xing said. “However, there is another option: the Bright Moon Sect’s incarnation technique, Myriad Bodies. As long as it’s a sentient being, such as a spirit herb, spirit beast, or spirit plant, it can be used as a clone. I can give you that right now.”
“What do you want in return?” Liu asked.
“Help me find someone. She fled overseas. I will tell you the details later,” Xing said.
“Do you want them alive?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
Jiang Hao was quite surprised. The secret techniques of the Clear Sky School and the Bright Moon Sect were available to be exchanged. He wondered about Xing’s identity.
However, he kept a straight face. These individuals were stronger than him and were in cultivation realms that surpassed his own. It was quite difficult to appear capable and mysterious in front of them.
After the exchange was confirmed, Liu said, “I heard from some people overseas that the Heavenly Fate Misfortune pearl is in the southern region. It’s possible that someone went there to search for it.”
“The southern region?!” Gui exclaimed. “Then I need to leave quickly. If it really erupts, it will be too late to escape. Jing, are you leaving too?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. He couldn’t tell them that the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was with him. It went everywhere he went. It was still surprising that some people had been able to guess its location. He needed to be cautious.
“The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl is of great importance. If someone tries to seize it, it’s best to inform some bigger sects secretly, so they can handle it, ” said Dan Yuan.
“What will happen if the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl erupts without anyone stopping it?” Xing asked.
The question intrigued Jiang Hao as well. He wasn’t aware of the specifics of the pearl.
“If no one stops it, the entire land will turn into a purgatory. According to records, an unparalleled great war occurred in ancient times, during which countless powerful beings perished, and the heavens and earth collapsed. It caused the extinction of many creatures. The reason the war came to a halt was because of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. All people joined forces to seal it,” Dan Yuan said.
Jiang Hao felt a chill down his spine. The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was truly terrifying. It was no wonder Dan Yuan had mentioned notifying the bigger sects about it as soon as possible. If they didn’t act promptly, it would be even more difficult to contain the situation.
For a moment, Jiang Hao hesitated. He wondered if he should return the pearl to its original place in the ruin. However, it was useful to deter others if he had it on himself.
It could be used to intimidate anyone who tried to get close. Just the mention of the pearl was enough to deter enemies.
But using it to threaten Bai Ye wouldn’t have any useful effect.
“Oh, right…” Dan Yuan suddenly remembered something. “The mission of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is still on. You can gather information on how to plant it, cultivate it, the appearance of the flower, etc.”
The others nodded.
The information was almost impossible to find. They had to rely on their luck.
Jiang Hao knew about it but couldn’t tell them. If he revealed that he knew about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, he would be in trouble.
They discussed random things for a long time before the gathering ended.
Under the moonlight, Jiang Hao began to take stock of the new information he had learned from the gathering.
“Xing must be someone extraordinary, ” muttered Jiang Hao. “Liu is obviously somewhere overseas. However, I have no extra information about Gui. The people of the Great Thousand God Sect are behind the stone tablets. I’ll know more about it at the next gathering. I could learn about curses at that time too. As for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl… Soon, trouble might come to the
Heavenly Note Sect.”
Jiang Hao knew about the origin of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, but he didn’t know what exactly had happened in that era.
“Dan Yuan mentioned an ancient war. Hong Yuye mentioned it too. It seems that the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl was sealed in the ruin in the Devil’s Den. There is the mine too… Hong Yuye did say it was an ancient battlefield as well.”
If all of this was true, then the Heavenly Note Sect was truly incredible. Who would even think of establishing a sect here?
If they could make good use of it, it would be like receiving divine assistance. However, Jiang Hao didn’t remember the Heavenly Note Sect receiving something like that.
The Heavenly Note Sect was still dangerous. Maybe not from external forces, but the internal strife was enough to endanger every disciple.
There was one more danger added to it: the heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
If there were other items like the pearl, one slip would doom the sect. He didn’t think too much about it. That was out of his control.
“Xing wants to find someone, but they are overseas. It’s a pity that I can’t find them. Otherwise, I could have found out more about Xing.”
He needed to find out the identities of the people involved. However, his priority right now was to establish his credibility in the group.
He had to wait for Gui to find the dragon. He could then prove his credibility. “I just need to wait for Gui to visit the Huangsha River.”
Only the next gathering could answer his burning questions. Until then, he needed to find something to do.
Without Cheng Chou in the outer sect’s Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao needed to keep an eye on it.
He also needed to visit Chu Chuan. He could check on his progress this time.
In a few more years, the Bright Moon Sect will hold a grand Dao Conference. It would be best if Chu Chuan could reach the Foundation Establishment Realm at that time and attend the conference.
The most important thing for Jiang Hao was to accumulate more points for lifeblood and cultivation.
He also needed to pay attention to Du Yong and see if he would bury the Corpse Heart somewhere.
Jiang Hao had yet to visit the Lawless Tower again. However, when he recalled the Pavilion Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion appearing again, he didn’t want to go anywhere near it..