Chapter 241: Capturing A Spy
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At noon, on the outskirts of the Cliff of Broken Hearts, Chu Chuan practiced the Hundred Revolutions of the Heavenly Note Technique.
Currently, he was practicing the first set of movements. He always practiced it diligently. He never slacked off.
Chu Chuan’s goal was to be able to spar better with the spirit beast and Xiao Li.
In these past two years, he didn’t know how he had managed to get through. In any case, they had guided him well.
When he finished his practice, he suddenly noticed someone standing behind him.
It was Jiang Hao.
“Senior Brother Jiang?” Chu Chuan looked surprised.
He had hardly seen Jiang Hao in the past two years.
“The beast and Junior Sister Xiao Li are out of the sect. Today, I’ve come to assess your progress,” Jiang Hao said, picking up a tree branch from the ground.
“I see… That’s why I didn’t see the spirit beast for so many days,” said Chu
Chuan.
Chu Chuan, although still a young boy, had grown quite a bit in these two years. Combined with his cultivation at the fourth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, he no longer resembled the weak and frail child he had accompanied to the sect.
Jiang Hao felt a bit sentimental, looking at the child in front of him.
“Senior Brother Jiang, should I start?” Chu Chuan took a deep breath and prepared to make a move.
“Sure.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Chu Chuan quickly stepped forward. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Jiang Hao and throwing a punch.
Jiang Hao didn’t dodge but simply swung the tree branch.
A crisp sound rang out as the branch hit Chu Chuan’s fist, forcing it to change direction. Chu Chuan followed up with a kick.
The branch blocked that too.
Chu Chuan’s foot was pushed back. He tried again. He was faster and more agile than before.
Jiang Hao stood firm, using only the tree branch to defend himself. He didn’t even turn his head, regardless of the continuous attacks.
Chu Chuan became more and more frenzied. There was a surge in his strength. When his kicks and punches had no effect, he used different techniques to launch an attack.
After more than two years of practice, he was finally getting better. He felt exhilarated.
Jiang Hao began to counterattack. The branch struck Chu Chuan’s chest, forcing him to step back.
“Instability in your aura, inadequate execution of the technique,” Jiang Hao said.
Then, he countered with a sweeping leg attack, causing Chu Chuan to lose his balance.
“Rigid movements, incorrect posture, failure to generate force from the waist..
At this point, Chu Chuan used magical attacks. Jiang Hao broke them all.
“You’re decent at using magical techniques, but not skilled enough.”
Jiang Hao attacked Chu Chuan from all directions. Chu Chuan was curled up on the ground.
Finally, Jiang Hao threw down the tree branch. “Overall, your progress has been too fast, so the other aspects couldn’t keep up. The foundation of your cultivation isn’t refined enough.”
Chu Chuan sat up on the ground and grimaced in pain. “Senior Brother Jiang, am I at least considered a bit impressive?”
“It depends on who you’re comparing yourself to,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
“Compared to ordinary outer sect disciples, you’re indeed impressive. Compared to your childhood sweetheart, you’re slightly inferior.”
“Just… slightly inferior?” Chu Chuan was pleasantly surprised.
Jiang Hao smiled. “Even that “slight” difference will be impossible to catch up to in a lifetime.”
“What cultivation level is Chu Jie at now?” Chu Chuan looked at Jiang Hao with anticipation.
“If she is focused on cultivation, she might be at the sixth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. However, if she is focusing on refining her cultivation more, then the fifth stage.”
Chu Chuan was at the fourth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. Zhao Qingxue, with exceptional talent, was also in the fourth stage. It wasn’t surprising for Chu Jie to be at the fifth stage.
The Bright Moon Sect was not weaker than the Clear Sky School. If Chu Chuan could advance one step ahead, it wouldn’t be a waste.
Right now, the most important thing was to refine the cultivation and strengthen the foundation. In the early stages, it wasn’t crucial to advance quickly to another stage. It was more important to refine and strengthen one’s cultivation. Chu Chuan was of the right temperament to do this.
“Impressive…” Chu Chuan looked delighted. “Senior Brother Jiang, when can I see Chu Jie?”
“In a few years… If you reach the Foundation Establishment Realm by then, it would be best,” said Jiang Hao.
“Will you come with me at that time, Senior Brother Jiang?”
Jiang Hao shook his head.
In theory, it would be impossible for him to go with Chu Chuan. But with the Nine Rings of Heaven and Earth and the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman, he could perhaps have a three-day window to make a trip there.
However, he couldn’t leave the sect. The probability of him being targeted was high. It would be dangerous.
After checking Chu Chuan’s progress, Jiang Hao headed to the outer sect’s Spirit Herb Garden.
There were some changes in representatives from the other branches, but Xia Cheng was still there.
There were also more people in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
When Jiang Hao arrived, some people walked over to greet him. However, they acted strangely in front of him.
Jiang Hao was also unsure why they were acting like that. Was it because they were dissatisfied with Xia Cheng’s change of attitude toward him or because he was credited with the achievement of making the Corpse Realm Flowers bloom?
Regardless, they weren’t making a move against him, so Jiang Hao brushed it off.
He headed straight for the Lawless Tower. He wanted to see Zhuang Yuzhen and perhaps get some more information from him.
It wasn’t suitable to stay away for too long since Elder Baizhi was keeping an eye on the case.
On the way, he saw Liu Xingchen.
“I was just looking for you, Junior Brother Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen. “What a coincidence that I ran into you here!”
“Senior Brother Liu, greetings! Why were you looking for me?”
Whenever Liu Xingchen came to find him, there was usually something going on.
“Do you remember the incident because of which your resources were stripped? The five-year deadline is coming to an end,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Oh… so, can I receive them now?”
Forty spirit stones were not a small quantity.
“That was intended, but… someone from the heavenly Joy Pavilion appeared, and they had a very violent aura around them,” said Liu Xingchen helplessly. “The Law Enforcement Hall decided to extend your punishment for three more years.”
Jiang Hao fell silent. His resources for three more years would be confiscated again! Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about that.
“It seems that you don’t really care that much about it,” said Liu Xingchen. “Junior Brother Jiang, I suggest you show a little more concern about it and complain to your Cliff Master. If you even pretend to be miffed about it, they’ll be more at ease.”
Jiang Hao wouldn’t really go to complain to his master. He wasn’t a True Disciple. If he complained too much, his master might start disliking him. It wasn’t worth it.
His master had given him five thousand spirit stones last time as a reward, after all. It was best to just accept his fate and not attract the attention of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
The reason his resources got confiscated for three more years must have been because he had seen the Pavilion Master near the Lawless Tower last time.
“Oh… there’s another interesting matter,” Liu Xingchen said with a smile.
“While you were away, someone went to your house and kept an eye on you. The people of the Law Enforcement Hall happened to see him. He turned out to be a spy from the Sunset Immortal Sect. He insisted that he was there to meet you. So, you are even more suspicious now. You may need to cooperate with our investigation in the near future. Of course, it won’t affect your tasks outside. If you take a mission and you fail, you still have to pay compensation.”
“What if they come looking for me when I happen to be away from the sect?” Jiang Hao asked.
“If the person can’t be found, the problem becomes more serious. You might be made to pay a large amount as compensation,” said Liu Xingchen.
Jiang Hao was speechless..