Chapter 242: Didn’t You Know That The Heavenly Note Sect Was A Demonic Sect?
Translator: EndlessFantasv Translation Editor: EndlessFantasv Translation
The Law Enforcement Hall seemed to constantly remind Jiang Hao that he belonged to the demonic sect.
They could just command him to do what they wanted him to do, but they gave him a choice. They allowed him to pay compensation.
Jiang Hao had no intention of taking on another mission. Getting involved with a spy was unexpected.
With a sigh, he stopped thinking about it.
He would stick to his previous plan and continue stalling.
He now had eight thousand spirit stones. He could go ahead and prepare for another incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree.
This time, he didn’t want to delay because he only needed one purple bubble to obtain a new divine power.
Obtaining a new divine ability would give him an edge. He wasn’t sure what kind of divine ability he would get this time.
“I heard something else these past few days,” Liu Xingchen said unexpectedly.
“I heard that Bai Ye has challenged Manlong.”
“Really?” Jiang Hao was surprised. “He challenged one of the top ten disciples?”
“Yes.” Liu Xingchen nodded. “It happened a couple of days ago, and it won’t be long before it’s announced publicly. His chance of success is not high, so I don’t know why he’s in such a hurry. If he reaches the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, his chance of success will be higher. He may not be able to hold onto the position even in the peak stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, let alone the late stage. It seems he has some plans for this year.”
The news surprised Jiang Hao. He didn’t expect Bai Ye to start pursuing a position among the top ten this soon.
He thought Bai Ye was like him, waiting to improve his cultivation before trying to be one of the top ten disciples.
Bai Ye was trying to act too fast without any preparations.
“When?” Jiang Hao asked.
“To fight one of the top ten disciples, the challenge must be issued a year in advance. So, they will be fighting next year. The location is chosen by the challenger, but it will be announced one day before the fight.”
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. He still had one year left.
In one year, he could learn some curses, even if he wasn’t able to catch up to Bai Ye in his cultivation. He didn’t want Bai Ye to become one of the top ten disciples.
“Since Bai Ye chooses the location, is it possible that he can set up formations there?” Jiang Hao asked.
“No.” Liu Xingchen shook his head. “Normal formations and restrictions cannot be set up at the venue unless… they are set up secretly without anyone discovering them.”
Jiang Hao nodded.
After talking for a while, Liu Xingchen walked toward the mining area. “Since I have met you already and relayed the information to you, I’ll get going.”
Jiang Hao bid him farewell. However, he wondered what Liu Xingchen was planning next. Was he going to the mines to find another remnant soul and let it possess him?
Liu Xingchen was very close to reaching the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He wanted to know if the two creatures who possessed him had decided to join forces against him.
However, he was going to meet Zhuang Yuzhen, so he needed to save the Daily Appraisal ability for that.
A short while later, Jiang Hao reached the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower. He stood in front of the prisoner’s cage. Jiang Hao tapped on the wooden bars.
“Are you awake?” he asked.
Zhuang Yuzhen slowly raised his head. His eyes brightened when he saw Jiang Hao.
It seemed like he had been waiting for him for a long time.
“It seems like you really wanted to see me,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
“Didn’t your sect inform you that I wanted to see you?” Zhuang Yuzhen asked.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “No.”
No one had even informed him about that. Zhuang Yuzhen had been deceived. That was normal in a demonic sect. Even the members of the sect were often deceived, let alone prisoners.
“Don’t tell me this is a demonic sect!”
“Huh?” Jiang Hao was surprised. “Didn’t you know this was a demonic sect when you came here, Senior?
Zhuang Yuzhen was momentarily stunned. Then he sighed. “When I came here,
I only knew that this was a substandard and inferior sect.”
‘Substandard?’ Jiang Hao didn’t agree with that. Although the Heavenly Note Sect wasn’t very big, it was still a first-class sect. At least in the southern region, it was one of the most powerful sects out there.
It was on par with the Blackheaven Sect and the Sunset Immortal Sect, which were both first-class sects.
Azure Mountain was considered a decent sect. However, the Heavenly Note Sect had attacked it and won.
As for the Clear Sky School and the Bright Moon Sect, they were true immortal sects. They were top-notch sects that were unparalleled in the whole realm. Even if several sects joined forces, it wouldn’t be enough to challenge them.
“Senior, you should be more cautious,” Jiang Hao said. Attacking a sect without knowing everything about it could get one trapped like Zhuang Yuzhen.
“Cautious?” Zhuang Yuzhen sneered. “Would you be cautious to pick a flower from the neighborhood?”
Jiang Hao was speechless. His answer would be affirmative. He was always super cautious when doing anything.
“Senior, how did you know that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was in the southern region? You are from the north, right?”
In fact, he knew it was all related to Dan Yuan.
Some people in the southern region already knew about the Heavenly
Fragrance Dao Flower being in the Heavenly Note Sect. It wasn’t a big secret.
Jiang Hao wanted to find Dan Yuan’s real identity. If he found him in person, he could snatch his stone tablet and figure out who was behind all this.
If it weren’t for the fear of being detected by the mastermind behind the stone tablets, Jiang Hao would have already found out the real identities of Dan Yuan and the others at the gathering. However, he didn’t want to be reckless.
Besides, it was highly likely that he wouldn’t be able to use his divine ability with a shred of his consciousness in the stone tablet. “It wasn’t that difficult. I just had to ask someone.”
“How did you contact this person?” Jiang Hao asked.
“First, tell me why the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower is in your hands,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
“I don’t know. You should ask the higher- ups who are aware of this matter. I’m just following orders,” said Jiang Hao.
That was partly a lie. He knew that the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was handed to him so that spies could be lured in. It was a bait.
“What else do you know?” Zhuang Yuzhen stared at Jiang Hao.
“What do you mean?” Jiang Hao asked in confusion.
“You know what I’m talking about,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
“Can you tell me what will happen after the Corpse Realm Flower matures?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Kid, you’re only in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. You should know that I could kill you with a single breath if I were out of here. Tell me what else you know.” Zhuang Yuzhen seemed unable to restrain the anger in his voice.
“It seems like you don’t really want to talk with me,” Jiang Hao said.
“I have had enough of your nonsense. Tell me how much you actually know and where you learned about that name.”
Jiang Hao remained calm and took a step forward. He beckoned the prisoner closer. “Come closer, and I’ll tell you two more words. After I finish, you will be calm and willing to talk more..”