Chapter 243: Lin Zhi Is About To Be Expelled From The Sect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation          Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Come back here!”
“Stop right there!”
Zhuang Yuzhen struggled frantically against the prison bars.
After uttering the mysterious words, Jiang Hao watched him flip entirely. He just turned around and left. He didn’t plan on talking with the prisoner for too long. Talking too much usually ruined the suspense.
The prospect of something unknown drove people crazy. It made them curious and restless. Only after finding out more could the mind be calm again.
Zhuang Yuzhen was feeling that now. He didn’t know how much Jiang Hao knew, and the doubt was making him frantic.
“Bring him to me! I will tell him everything!”
At this moment, the black-robed woman approached the prisoner. “Be a little more sincere, why don’t you?”
“I won’t talk if I don’t see him. Let him come here, and I’ll tell him everything!”
The black-robed woman hesitated. “Well… I’m not in a hurry.”
“You b*tch! I’ll remember this!” Zhuang Yuzhen struggled.
Smack!
Suddenly, a whip struck his face. He was momentarily stunned. Then the whip struck again.
Smack! Smack!
“Is that all you have? If you dare, just kill me, you b*tch!”
While Zhuang Yuzhen cursed, the black-robed woman whipped him continuously.
After a while, she stopped whipping him and left.
Zhuang Yuzhen’s mouth was swollen.
Jiang Hao felt that he couldn’t go back to the Lawless Tower anymore. The words he had uttered were “Corpse Heart.” That had been his last resort.
If he went to meet the prisoner again, he would have no bargaining chip left. The prisoner would suspect that Jiang Hao had no other information against him.
The best option was to leave him in suspense for now.
Zhuang Yuzhen had been astonished to learn that the Heavenly Note Sect was a demonic sect. It was as though he thought he belonged to an immortal sect. The Divine Corpse Sect wasn’t an immortal sect in any shape or form!
Clones were extremely important to them. Abiding by the rules of the immortal sect would hamper them greatly.
If that were the case, then the Divine Corpse Sect must be divided into two groups: one conservative and the other corrupt.
‘I don’t think that’s possible.’
In the cultivation world, many people were murdered in their own sects by their own people, irrespective of whether they were from the demonic or immortal sect.
The disciples of the Divine Corpse Sect weren’t very rigid about their rules. They even used any person, living or dead, as a Divine Corpse!
However, if they left the ordinary cultivators alone and didn’t tangle with other immortal sects, they could be considered part of the immortal sect.
The reason why the Heavenly Note Sect was considered a demonic sect was because they didn’t care about ordinary cultivators. They weren’t above harming ordinary people for their own gain. They killed and robbed them. They treated cultivators the same way, too.
Secondly, they would go to any length to become stronger or get what they wanted. They would refine tools, make talismans, create pills, and dupe others, especially if they were poor.
The wealthy usually didn’t indulge in petty crimes, but there were still cases of that happening. They even abducted ordinary non-cultivators every few years. That was how ordinary people ended up as workers in the Spirit Herb Gardens.
Back in his own courtyard, Jiang Hao began to study the nameless manual. Recently, he had reached a bottleneck. He wanted to progress to a higher level as soon as possible.
In the following months, he needed to earn spirit stones and find out where Bai Ye was staying. He wanted to be prepared so that he could curse Bai Ye when the time came.
It was unexpected that Bai Ye would challenge Manlong so soon. It was no wonder Jiang Hao hadn’t suffered any attacks from Bai Ye recently. He was busy preparing for the fight with Manlong.
Jiang Hao put down the nameless manual and finally felt that he had reached a new level of knowledge. His perception became even more sharp, and he noticed subtle changes in the world around him.
He could see things more clearly and sense the flow of spiritual energy. He could even feel his Primordial Spirit through his breath.
The more he studied it, the more he understood how Hong Yuye could see through him so easily. It felt like he was stripped naked.
When he realized this, he studied the manual even more.
Suddenly, he thought of a possibility. ‘If I fully master the nameless manual, will I be able to conceal even the Heavenly Secrets?’
Suddenly, he thought of a possibility. ‘If I fully master the nameless manual, will I be able to conceal even the Heavenly Secrets?’
Currently, he could perceive and conceal his aura, spirit, and magical abilities. He could only confirm it by learning everything in the nameless manual and testing it in front of Hong Yuye.
“Speaking of which, it’s been half a month. How is it that the spirit beast and the others haven’t returned yet?”
Without the spirit beast and the others, many things had to be put on hold, especially Chu Chuan’s weekly test. He had no choice but to wait.
At the White Moon Lake, Zhao Qingxue rushed in.
She approached Zhou Chan. “Senior Sister Zhou, can I ask you something?” she said nervously.
“What is it?” Zhou Chan said.
“Is there a rule in the sect that expels an outer sect disciple if they remain at the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for more than three years?
“There is such a rule, but very few people get expelled. There aren’t many people who remain at the first stage for so long.”
None of the twelve branches had people that slow. Even if someone’s talent was very poor, they still managed to advance to the second stage within three years.
“Lin Zhi is still at the first stage…”
Zhou Chan was surprised. “That’s unlikely… but if he is still in the first stage, then maybe he isn’t suitable for cultivation.”
“Is there a way to help him stay in the sect?”
“I don’t know about that. I don’t even know who oversees the matter,” Zhou Chan said sadly. “I’ll ask Elder Qian Xu. Don’t worry.”
After a while, Zhou Chan and Zhao Qingxue arrived at the courtyard of Elder Qian Xu.
“Still at the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm after three years? said Elder Qian Xu in surprise. “Wouldn’t it be just plain torture on the disciple if he is allowed to stay when he isn’t suitable for cultivation?”
Zhao Qingxue lowered her head sadly.
“Well… just inform the outer sect of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. We can let him stay for another year. If he fails to advance to the second stage after a year, then he will have to meet the Cliff Master of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. If the master agrees to let him stay, the other branches will have no problem with it.”
“Should I inform them to let him stay for another year then?” asked Zhou Chan.
Elder Qian Xu nodded. “Remember to leave one or two spirit stones as a gift for doing so.”
“I see… Thank you, Elder Qian Xu.”
She bid him farewell and left with Zhao Qingxue.
Elder Qian Xu just shook his head and didn’t think about it further.
“Thank you so much, Senior Sister Zhou,” said Zhao Qingxue gratefully.
“That’s alright. Don’t worry. I’ll talk to the people in the outer sect. It’s almost August, and there’s still half a year left. Hopefully, Lin Zhi can do it this time,” said Zhou Chan. “If he fails to advance to the second stage for another year, I won’t be able to help him anymore. The Cliff Master is the head of the Cliff of Broken Hearts. We can’t even get an audience with him, let alone ask him for help.”
Zhao Qingxue nodded. Everything depended on Lin Zhi after this..