Chapter 244: How Do You Repay Kindness with Enmity?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the Cliff of Broken Hearts, Jiang Hao stayed indoors. Since his return from the Lawless Tower, he had been busy with his own affairs.
During this time, he tried to comprehend the fourth form of the Heavenly Blade, but he couldn’t understand it. It seemed that his spiritual energy was not strong enough. He had no choice but to wait. Perhaps it would be different if he reached the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
The Seven Forms of the Heavenly Blade were extremely powerful. The requirements for the new techniques were even more difficult. The three forms of the Heavenly Blade were barely enough for his needs, and he still hadn’t mastered any spells.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra had even higher requirements. After mastering the Universe in a Palm technique, he needed to advance to another stage to learn another technique.
For now, he could only rely on his divine abilities. Another half a month had passed, and it was already mid-August. Xiao Li and the others had been away for two months. Jiang Hao wondered why they hadn’t returned yet.
He wasn’t worried about their safety, but he felt that Xiao Li might not want to come back to the sect after her parents passed away. After all, the house was her last reminder of her parents. If she left, it would be left empty.
During this period, he visited Chu Chuan twice and Lin Zhi once. Chu Chuan was doing okay. He had made some more improvements since the last time. He had chosen to give up on certain things to focus on his cultivation.
He wanted to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm and join the Bright
Moon Sect. Jiang Hao had told him that even if he reached the Foundation Establishment Realm, he still wouldn’t be able to compete with Chu Jie. Chu
Chuan wasn’t concerned. After he reached the Foundation Establishment Realm, Chu Jie wouldn’t worry too much about him. He wanted to reassure her that he was fine.
However, he was still undecided about whether he wanted to be a disciple of a demonic sect. Jiang Hao didn’t say much on the matter. That was Chu Chuan’s choice, so Jiang Hao didn’t want to interfere.
Compared to Chu Chuan, Lin Zhi was far behind. He was truly as the beast had described—always getting beaten.
He had already reached the third stage of the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refining Realm and absorbed the power of the sun, moon, and stars at a faster rate. However, due to the influence of the Star and Moon Pearl, he couldn’t advance to the Foundation Establishment Realm. He might stay in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for many years yet.
It was difficult for Lin Zhi. Jiang Hao asked him if he still wanted to stay in a
demonic sect. Lin Zhi’s answer was always affirmative.
Jiang Hao gave him some guidance in his cultivation and let him be. He would eventually have a bright future if he endured. Jiang Hao didn’t tell Lin Zhi about it. Instead, he sent the beast to keep encouraging him. The beast was looking over his progress, after all.
It wasn’t easy to endure something like that. To remain in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm for five or ten years without losing hope was an ordeal.
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao found some bubbles.
[Strength +1]
[Spirit Sword +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Endurance +1]
There were quite a few white and green bubbles, but unfortunately, there wasn’t a single blue one.
Jiang Hao saw a young girl running toward him in a panic. “Senior, something has happened.”
The girl, around sixteen or seventeen years old, seemed relatively new here.
Jiang Hao couldn’t remember seeing her in the garden before.
“What happened?” he asked calmlv.
“A spirit herb is withering,” said the girl, and she pointed in a direction. “Over there.”
Jiang Hao frowned and quickly went to investigate. At the spirit field, a young boy looked at him fearfully. He was kneeling on the ground. “I-I didn’t do anything. It was like this when I reached here.”
“It’s fine. Step aside,” Jiang Hao said.
If it was the boy’s fault, he would be punished. If not, there was no need to make things difficult for him.
The boy was surprised to see Jiang Hao so calm. He thought he would be punished.
He had transferred from another Spirit Herb Garden recently. He had witnessed one of his fellow villagers being beaten to death.
Jiang Hao observed the spirit herb in front of him. It was an antidote, and it was currently wilting. After a while, he confirmed that it was affected by an external aura.
He checked the soil and found something strange. Jiang Hao looked around and saw the Corpse Realm Flower nearby.
The spirit herb was affected by the Corpse Realm Flower.
“You two, go about your business and don’t come near here for now,” Jiang Hao said to the young boy and girl.
The young boy couldn’t believe it. He wasn’t even scolded or interrogated!
Using his spiritual energy, Jiang Hao drew a line on the ground to isolate the aura from spreading through the soil. That would prevent the Corpse Realm Flower from affecting that part of the spirit field for a while.
He approached the Corpse Realm Flower and appraised it.
[Corpse Realm Flower: The newly sprouted Corpse Realm Flower extends its roots and exerts a tremendous influence on surrounding spiritual beings. If it is transplanted to a barren one-acre plot without other plants, it will grow rapidly. It is best to irrigate it with the blood of beasts during transplantation to prevent it from withering. Eventually, it can open the Door of Death, leading to a special realm.]
Jiang Hao looked at the slightly darkened leaves. He felt helpless. ‘So… it needs to be transplanted to a place without other plants… a barren land.’
Jiang Hao observed the Spirit Herb Garden and found no such place. Perhaps it needed to be planted outside the garden.
He couldn’t make a decision on his own. He needed to find a senior or ask the Cliff Master. The other Spirit Herb Gardens might be having similar issues.
“Perhaps I can take this opportunity to enter the Hundred Bones Forest.”
Jiang Hao didn’t intend to help others transplant the Corpse Realm Flower.
Instead, he wanted to go to the Law Enforcement Hall and see if there were any tasks related to the Hundred Bones Forest.
He wanted to find Bai Ye and obtain something related to him. He needed to lay the foundation for the curse.
He went to find his master.
“Transplant it to a safer place?” Ku Wu Chang thought about it. “Why not transplant it outside Miao Tinglian’s residence for now? She doesn’t have any missions, and she knows about spirit herbs. She can keep an eye on it. As for how to transplant it, you can figure it out on your own.”
Jiang Hao was the one who was able to grow the Corpse Realm Flower, so it was okay to trust him.
“Alright. I’ll find Senior Sister Miao Tinglian then,” said Jiang Hao.
In the courtyard, there were two True Disciples who seemed to be teaching some techniques.
Jiang Hao had never studied here before, and his master had only taught him once. That was the difference between inner sect disciples and True Disciples.
“Junior Brother Jiang, I thought I treated you well. Why do you want to harm me?” Miao Tinglian expressed her dissatisfaction.
Mu Qi was also curious. “Tinglian’s residence doesn’t have a barren area, but mine does.”
Jiang Hao kept his head down and didn’t say anything.
Many people in the sect were aware of the relationship between Senior Brother Mu Qi and Senior Sister Miao Tinglian.
The Cliff Master also assumed that Senior Sister Miao Tinglian lived with Senior Brother Mu Qi.
These two were probably the only ones in the sect who treated him well, and he had no intention of making things difficult for them, but the Cliff Master had given his instructions.
“How do we transplant it anyway?” asked Miao Tinglian. “I observed the Corpse Realm Flower. It withers very easily.”
“Beast blood,” Jiang Hao said. “If beast blood is used to nourish it while transplanting, it won’t wither.”
“Really?” Miao Tinglian was surprised. “I’ve never heard of that before..”