Chapter 245: Are You Interested In A Twenty-year-Old Junior?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation      Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“It really works.”
That afternoon, Miao Tinglian proceeded with the transplantation. Without beast blood, there were signs of withering, but with the use of beast blood, it could be transplanted successfully.
“This is the first time I’ve seen this kind of spirit herb.”
At this moment, they were in a mountain pit, which was where Mu Qi often experimented with his techniques.
It was barren and close by. At the same time, it was secluded enough that their residence couldn’t be seen.
“Now that everything is settled, I won’t disturb you any longer, Seniors,” said Jiang Hao politely. He turned to leave.
“Wait!” Miao Tinglian pointed to the Corpse Realm Flower. “Other Spirit Herb
Gardens will definitely face the same problem. They will come and ask about
Thri
Jiang?
Jiang Hao didn’t hesitate. “Now that you are the guardian of the Corpse Realm Flower, they will definitely come to ask you, Senior Sister Miao. The information is yours to share. If you are willing, you can tell them. If not, it’s up to you.”
He didn’t intend to get involved in such matters. It would be better if he didn’t attract other people’s attention.
Apart from Bai Ye, if he kept his head down, he wouldn’t encounter any more problems.
The Foundation Establishment Realm disciples were easy to handle. Only True Disciples like Bai Ye were difficult to get along with.
Dealing with more aggressive disciples was very challenging. Taking action would expose him. However, if he didn’t take action, the perpetrator would keep becoming unreasonable.
Jiang Hao had disciples in the sect, but no one had found evidence against him. However, they might use the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror if it happened again.
Once discovered, he would be sent to the Lawless Tower. People would get very suspicious if they discovered his cultivation realm.
With exceptional talent, the blessings of the heavens and earth, the inheritance of great power, and the guidance of a knowledgeable mentor, Han Ming, at twenty-three years old, was only in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
As a demonic sect, would the Heavenly Note Sect be willing to nurture Jiang Hao if they thought he was talented?
Jiang Hao was not naive. He didn’t want to entrust his life and death to others. Some might take the risk and reveal themselves, but Jiang Hao was always cautious.
It was one of the reasons Jiang Hao tried hard to escape the clutches of Hong Yuye. He wanted to be in control of his own life. For that, he needed to get stronger. Hiding his abilities was the best step for now. “In that case, I will make the decision myself,” Miao Tinglian said.
Jiang Hao nodded and prepared to leave.
“Oh, there’s one more thing.” Miao Tinglian smiled as she looked at Jiang Hao’s puzzled face. “A junior has recently arrived at the Cliff of Broken Hearts. She is twenty years old and in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Are you interested? You’re twenty-four. You two would make a good match. I’ve seen her. She’s very beautiful.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. Even Mu Qi was momentarily stunned. He pulled him away. “Junior Brother Jiang, you can go about your own business now. Please ignore her words. Don’t mind her.”
Jiang Hao nodded and bid them farewell.
Miao Tinglian was relentless when it came to setting him up with someone. A twenty-year-old in the early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm was indeed impressive. However, how could she be interested in someone like Jiang Hao who relied on opportunities to accumulate his cultivation?
Jiang Hao had no intention of finding a partner.
In the following seven days, Jiang Hao noticed that Du Yong was looking for him more often. He visited again today. “Senior Brother Jiang, have you been staying in the inner sect lately?” “Yeah. I’ve been busy with some matters. ”
The spirit herbs in the Spirit Herb Garden were still recovering. He needed to keep an eye on them. The other gardens had attempted to transplant the Corpse Realm Flower, but they had failed. Upon learning that the Cliff of Broken Hearts had successfully transplan ted it, they headed to Miao Tinglian’s residence to ask her about it.
“I recently obtained a secret technique for cultivating the soil, but I’m not sure if it works,” said Du Yong. “I wanted to ask for your help, Senior Brother Jiang.”
“A secret technique?” Jiang Hao pretended to be confused. In his heart, he was glad that Du Yong was finally taking action.
“Yes. It’s something that can’t be easily explained. I want you to come to my place and take a look. When will you have some free time, Senior Brother Jiang?” Du Yong asked.
It was unexpected for Jiang Hao to be invited to other people’s houses.
Based on his understanding of the Nine Extremes Corpse Dissolution Technique, Qu Zhong, the current Du Yong, should have reached the Primordial Spirit Realm.
The danger was high. Jiang Hao couldn’t get involved without knowing everything.
He used the Daily Appraisal on Du Yong.
[Divine Corpse Du Yong: Former inner disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect, in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. His body was taken over by Qu Zhong. He wants to lure you out and have clones attack you. Thereafter, he will replace your heart. To ensure his safety, he severed a part of his Primordial Soul and granted autonomy to the clone. The original body has already escaped to avoid any unexpected complications.]
‘Severed a part of his Primordial Soul?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
Why would he go to such lengths to deal with someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?
He couldn’t understand why the enemy was so cautious.
As for the heart, it must refer to the Corpse Heart!
Jiang Hao wondered what had startled the enemy.
‘Giving autonomy to the clone… does that mean the main body and the clone can’t share memories?’
Some avatars needed to be controlled by the original body, and the original body could use the clone’s senses to observe the surroundings. But granting autonomy to the clone would make it more difficult for the original body to Imow about the clone’s surroundings.
“Senior Brother Jiang, when will you be available?”
Jiang Hao decided to give it a go. If he obtained the Corpse Heart, he could control Zhuang Yuzhen, and there would be a chance of finding out who Dan
Yuan actually was.
He just wasn’t sure how strong the other clones of Qu Zhong were.
If they were in the late or peak stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, he would use the rings to escape.
“Any time is convenient for me. It depends on you, Senior Brother Jiang.” Du Yong smiled.
“Let’s do it tomorrow afternoon. I should be done with my work by then,” Jiang Hao said.
Tomorrow, he could use the Daily Appraisal to check on the situation of the other clones.
“Okay. I’ll come find you tomorrow.” Du Yong nodded with a smile.
He then turned and left.
The next day, Jiang Hao used the Heaven Secrets Hidden talisman and followed Du Yong to his house.
“It’s in the courtyard.” Du Yong led the way.
Jiang Hao nodded and looked at the courtyard ahead. There were faint glimmers coming from the courtyard.
It was a formation.
As he arrived in the courtyard, he noticed that there was indeed dirt on the ground, as if Du Yong had been experimenting with the soil.
But before he could take a closer look, he felt the formation activate.
“Wait a moment, Senior Brother Jiang. Let me perform the technique for you to see, then you’ll understand,” Du Yong said.
Jiang Hao observed him without interrupting, but he remained vigilant. He was on guard against any sudden movements.
He had also prepared the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman, just in case..