Chapter 246: Not Even A Single Penny
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao suddenly thought of something while watching Du Yong perform his technique.
‘If I lure a disciple out of the sect and kill them, will the Law Enforcement Hall still investigate the matter? I should ask Liu Xingchen about it…’
At this moment, the surrounding formation activated, and Jiang Hao felt a familiar sensation. He was being teleported.
If Du Yong had attacked while he was experiencing the fuzzy feeling, he would have succeeded. However, Jiang Hao endured the dizziness and stepped forward.
Sure enough, he felt an attack coming from behind. It was an attack on the level of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Boom!
The Nine Heavens Battle Armor protected him by blocking the impact from behind.
Using his momentum, Jiang Hao leaped to the edge of the mountain peak. He turned around and looked back.
There was a woman near Du Yong who was still dizzy from teleportation.
She was in a blue dress with a white belt tied around her waist. Her black hair was tied up in a simple bun. Her skin was unusually pale.
Her delicate face showed surprise.
Jiang Hao was also somewhat surprised that the clone was a woman. Her cultivation was at the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, just like his own.
In that case, Qu Zhong’s original body should be at the late or peak stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao could see two peaks side by side. That was Twin Cloud Peak. He wasn’t very far from the Heavenly Note Sect. They were currently on top of one of the peaks.
“So, you managed to evade me? And you have a treasure that is in the Primordial Spirit Realm. It seems like we have a problem.” The woman in blue spoke with a crisp and pleasant voice.
“May I ask who you are?” Jiang Hao asked.
At this point, he activated the Daily Appraisal.
[Divine Corpse Liu Yun: Former inner disciple of the Snow Spirit Sect, at the middle stage of the Primordial Soul Realm. She was possessed by Qu Zhong and is now one of his three Divine Corpses. She possesses autonomy and acts independently of the original body. She cannot share the original body’s experiences, and if she doesn’t reunite with the original body for a long time, she will gradually lose her memory and eventually develop an independent personality, but it will be difficult for her to exist for a long. Her mission is to replace your heart and then head to the Blackheaven Sect. She feels puzzled that you were able to dodge her attack. Out of caution, she has started using enchantment on you.]
‘Enchantment…’ Jiang Hao always got a headache when it came to enchantments.
He hadn’t studied enchantments after being discovered reading a book on them by Hong Yuye. Now, he couldn’t be sure whether the enchantment was working on him or not.
‘A divine corpse with autonomy…’
Jiang Hao didn’t need to worry about revealing his secret since this clone didn’t share memories with Qu Zhong.
“I’m Liu Yun.” Liu Yun pushed Du Yong aside.
Du Yong had already lost his divine sense, and his consciousness had transferred to Liu Yun.
“Liu, you aren’t an ordinary human, are you?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Am I not beautiful enough for you?” Liu Yun asked as she took a step forward.
“Not really.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Why don’t you have any thoughts when you look at me?” Liu Yun was already closer to him.
If she took a step further, she could prevent Jiang Hao from jumping off the cliff and escaping.
“Because I already know the two words I need to know about,” Jiang Hao said with a smile.
“What are they?” Liu Yun asked.
Jiang Hao smiled. “Qu Zhong.”
As soon as Jiang Hao said the name, Liu Yun froze. She looked astonished.
“What did you say?” “Your name,” said Jiang Hao.
“You…” Liu Yun looked shocked.
Jiang Hao made his move. The Half-Moon Blade emerged from its sheath and shone brightly. He used the first form of the Heavenly Blade: Moon-Slaying.
Liu Yun also made her move. Ice spikes appeared under her feet as she attacked Jiang Hao.
Both of them launched their attacks.
Whoosh!
They both dodged each other’s attacks.
Jiang Hao leaped up and slashed with the Half-Moon Blade once again.
Purple energy surged around the Half-Moon Blade. Jiang Hao then used the second form of the Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
The immense pressure suppressed everything around it. He had used the Mountain Suppression technique that was stored in his wrist guard.
Ice began to form around Liu Yun. It surrounded her and then shot forward to attack.
Boom!
Crack!
The immense pressure of Mountain Suppression shattered the ice.
Boom!
The blade cut through everything and slashed at Liu Yun, severely injuring her with a single strike.
Gritting her teeth, Liu Yun once again performed her technique.
At this moment, moonlight reflected in her eyes.
Her arm flew into the sky. Purple energy appeared before her once again. A silver blade pierced through her body. It shattered the spiritual energy she had gathered.
Liu Yun, with only one arm intact, looked at the man who suddenly appeared before her. His hand was around the hilt of the saber, which was buried in her chest. It took all of her spiritual energy away.
“My name is Liu Yun, not Qu Zhong,” she said with difficulty.
Jiang Hao was stunned.
At this moment, Liu Yun’s power turned violent.
Jiang Hao drew his blade and slashed at her without hesitation.
The blade stabbed repeatedly through Liu Yun’s body. She flew backward and crashed into a rock.
Liu Yun fell to the ground with no life left in her.
“Liu Yun?” Jiang Hao thought it was Qu Zhong controlling Liu Yun. He had no
idea that Liu Yun was her own self.
He had no way of knowing the truth. She was already dead.
He wanted to ask her about the Corpse Heart and Zhuang Yuzhen. However, he had found no window for a conversation.
Jiang Hao picked up her storage treasure and went through it.
“Not even a single spirit stone?”
Then he picked up Du Yong’s storage treasure. It was empty as well.
Qu Zhong was stingy…
He slashed at the corpse two more times to make sure it was dead.
Jiang Hao started a fire to burn the corpse. After the fire went out, he also left the place. He didn’t rush back.
He arrived at one of the peaks and placed the box on the ground. Then he backed away a little and opened the box.
In an instant, a powerful aura extended from the box.
Jiang Hao was vigilant. He unsheathed the Half-Moon Blade.
Soon, a bright red heart appeared in his sight. Although it had no body, it was still beating ceaselessly.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The beats were unusually loud. It pulsated with life.
After observing for a moment, Jiang Hao used the Universe in a Palm technique to encase the heart in a purple sphere. It floated on his palm.
The heartbeat stopped, and the aura dissipated.
“I wonder if this sealing method can prevent it from absorbing the aura of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.”
After storing the heart in a small sphere, Jiang Hao destroyed the box. The box had a peculiar aura, and he was concerned about it being traced back to him. He didn’t want to keep it.
He then used the golden ring to teleport to his courtyard directly.
Jiang Hao then headed to the Spirit Herb Garden. He needed an alibi.
If Du Yong’s death was investigated, the Law Enforcement Hall might come after him. He needed the people in the Spirit Herb Garden to see him there so that they could vouch for him.
He also needed to be cautious about the Corpse Heart. He didn’t want any trouble..