Chapter 247: Caught by the Demoness Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the Candlelight Pill Pavilion, inside the alchemy room close to the Earth
Fire, Lian Daozhi paced helplessly. He was attempting to break through to the Primordial Spirit Realm, and it was harder than he had expected. He had failed again.
However, he was absolutely confident that success was only a matter of time.
Moreover, he had already found the right pills. He only lacked the final spirit herb. That spirit herb wasn’t impossible to find. It was just a bit rare.
At this moment, a Foundation Establishment Realm disciple, who had been waiting for a long time, came up to him nervously. “Senior Brother, the Bitter Fruit has been intercepted.”
The Bitter Fruit, as its name suggested, had a very bitter taste. However, it could balance other flavors and adjust spiritual energy appropriately.
There were many spirit herbs for adjusting spiritual energy, but among them, the Bitter Fruit had a relatively low side effect.
“Intercepted?” Lian Daozhi’s face darkened. “There were five of you at the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm and two at the peak of Foundation Establishment Realm. You couldn’t keep a fruit safe?!”
Lian Daozhi wouldn’t have used this fruit if he wasn’t refining a relatively obscure pill. The Bitter Fruit was of low value. However, some alchemical solutions required such things. Otherwise, why would they go to such lengths?
“It was a cunning enemy that suddenly appeared out of nowhere,” said the disciple in the Foundation Establishment Realm. “They tricked us.”
“It’s not far from here, and Azure Mountain doesn’t have the guts to come here. Does that mean… is it someone from the sect?” Lian Daozhi asked.
He needed to get the fruit. He still had ten days to use it.
“The assailant was a beast in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Its movements were unpredictable. We couldn’t find it at all. We couldn’t keep up with its speed,” said the nervous disciple. “But… It was wearing a collar. It must belong to one of the seniors in the sect.”
“A beast in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm… and wears a collar,” muttered Lian Daozhi as he stared at his junior. “Does it call itself Lord Beast?”
“Yes! It said something about having powerful friends…”
Lian Daozhi sighed. “Tell me in detail what actually happened.”
The group had sealed off the area and waited for the Bitter Fruit to ripen, but the beast had somehow entered the formation and plucked the fruit right in front of everyone. They chased after it but were tricked. In the end, it got away.
“You are useless!” said Lian Daozhi.
The junior disciple lowered his head and remained quiet.
Lian Daozhi knew only one person who owned a beast like that. Jiang Hao from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
The matter wasn’t easy to handle. Lian Daozhi would have used threats and intimidation if it were any other disciple in the Foundation Establishment Realm. However, Jiang Hao was different. Apart from their cooperation in planting spirit herbs, Jiang Hao had several merits to his name.
His latest achievement was when he had been able to complete the sect’s mission by growing the Corpse Realm Flower.
If he was discovered, the Cliff of Broken Hearts might take action.
After all, this achievement had brought many benefits to Cliff of Broken Hearts. If the person who had contributed to such benefits was harassed, the branch might protest.
That was partly the reason Lian Daozhi was hesitant to act.
Next was the Hall of Merits. With such achievements, Jiang Hao was probably mentioned there. Lian Daozhi couldn’t go against that. If he did, the Hall of Merits might demand spirit stones for the damage caused. “It seems I have to make a small trip.”
The next day, Jiang Hao appraised the Corpse Heart.
[Corpse Heart: Zhuang Yuzhen’s Corpse Heart. Absorbing the aura of divine items can greatly enhance Zhuang Yuzhen’s resurrection. Absorbing the aura of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower gives it more possibilities. Currently sealed by the Universe in a Palm and unable to resonate with divine items.]
‘It seems like there is no problem for now.’ Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief.
He would continue sealing it layer by layer each day.
After sealing the Corpse Heart, he began sealing the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
After completing these tasks, he looked around to make sure that no one was watching. Then he took out the Book on Enchantments.
He intended to read through the contents once again. He sat under the peach tree, enjoying the cool summer breeze while flipping through the book.
After a while, he heard a soft laughter in front of him.
“It seems you’re very interested in enchantments.”
Jiang Hao instinctively closed the book and looked up. He only saw empty air in front of him. Slowly, a red figure materialized.
She sat on a wooden chair and gazed at Jiang Hao. This was the first time Jiang
Hao had seen Hong Yuye appear.
“Senior…”
“What cultivation realm are you in?” Hong Yuye reached out and picked up the book on the table.
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm,” Jiang Hao said.
“How old are you?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Twenty-four,” Jiang Hao said.
“Middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm at twenty-four? That’s a bit slow,” Hong Yuye said as she casually flipped through the book. “I don’t have very high talent at cultivation.”
Hong Yuye chuckled. “I gave you a ladder, and you actually climbed up.” Jiang Hao lowered his head and remained silent.
“How is your undercover mission going?” Hong Yuye’s gaze remained on the book.
“I have established a foothold in the gathering and will soon be able to find out why the Great Thousand God Sect sent people to the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. The person who tried to snatch the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower could also reveal some information,” Jiang Hao said.
This was the progress he had made in the past two years. Although he was far from finding out who exactly was behind the stone tablets, he was still a step ahead.
Hong Yuye stopped flipping through the book and looked at Jiang Hao. She was a little unaccustomed to him being truthful.
“Have you discovered anything else?” she asked.
“In the gathering, Xing is likely someone of authority. I suspect he is from the
Bright Moon Sect. He said he could obtain the secret technique of the Clear Sky School called the Free Form technique. He already has the Bright Moon Sect’s technique, Myriad Bodies.”
Jiang Hao envied it a little. He didn’t plan to cultivate it himself, but having a clone to do things was convenient, like Qu Zhong.
Although he had lost two clones and the Corpse Heart, his main body had escaped unscathed. No one could find him, even if they tried.
From the beginning, he had planned to retreat once the plan started.
“It seems you are fully focused on this.” Hong Yuye stared at him.
“Senior, when doing tasks for you, I don’t hold back on my efforts.”
It wasn’t like he had a choice. He was constantly worried about Gui finding out about his identity, or that he might face Qu Zhong’s other clone. Every day he delayed was a day wasted.
Hong Yuye smiled faintly, lowered her head, and continued reading the book.
“Make some tea.”
Hong Yuye hadn’t visited for a long time, so there was still plenty of tea left. He didn’t need to spend spirit stones to replenish it any time soon.
“Tell me about your experience at the gathering,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao prepared the tea and sat down at the table. He poured a cup for her and for himself. Then he began to recount the events of the gathering.
He didn’t hide anything.
When he told her about Liu looking for the Clear Sky School’s Free Form technique and the Bright Moon Sect’s Myriad Bodies, she shook her head. “The Myriad Bodies and Free Form Technique are just superficial methods.” “Are there other techniques?” Jiang Hao asked curiously.
“Well… the technique would be the Myriad Bodies, but that isn’t used for re-cultivation. It is used in line with another secret technique,” Hong Yuye said.
“What secret technique?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The Shifting Star Technique..”