Chapter 248: Is He Going to Make a Move Against Me Tonight?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation          Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“The Shifting Star Technique?”
This was the first time Jiang Hao had heard of something like that. It seemed to be associated with the Bright Moon Sect.
However, Hong Yuye obviously had no intention of continuing the conversation. She simply drank her tea and flipped through her book again.
Jiang Hao continued with his report. He talked about the Corpse Realm Flower and the purpose of the Great Thousand God Sect in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture.
He then told her about Gui and her mission.
Hong Yuye looked at him.
“Is there something wrong, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Last time, were you in that village to visit your junior’s family, or were you there for that dragon?” she asked.
“It was both,” Jiang Hao said truthfully. “Everything is under control.”
He hadn’t planned to attack the dragon. He just happened to find it there by the river. Most things he had achieved till now were because of luck.
Hong Yuye smiled. “Go on.”
After that, Jiang Hao talked about the discovery of the Misfortune Pearl.
“Will it really be devastating if the Misfortune Pearl appears somewhere?”
“Doesn’t matter. The moment you touch it, you’ll die,” said Hong Yuye. “When it begins releasing its power, it’ll be like a raging flood. Your meager power will not be enough to seal it again.”
Jiang Hao was deep in thought. The thing had its pros and cons. The advantage was that he could use it to threaten someone. However, if he used it, he would suffer too.
“Is it Dossible for it to be unsealed bv resonance?” liana Hao asked.
Hong Yuye chuckled softly. “You weren’t worried about this when you brought it out of that ruin. Since you weren’t worried then, you don’t need to worry now. Because you can’t take it back anyway. Without the Misfortune Pearl, the whispers around it will subside. Just continue sealing it… Maybe you will be surprised. ”
“Surprised?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Hong Yuye didn’t continue. She seemed to have lost interest.
She didn’t ask anything else. She quietly drank her tea and flipped through the book.
After a while, she put the book away.
She got up and approached the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. The sixth leaf was about to grow. She gently touched it.
“How do you usually take care of it?” she asked. “I just use a bowl of water to water it every day.” “Did you water it today?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Not yet.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Hong Yuye had arrived too early. He usually watered it before he left for the Spirit Herb Garden.
“Go fetch a bowl of water, then,” Hong Yuye said softly.
After a while, Jiang Hao handed her a bowl of water.
Hong Yuye watered the flower and gave the bowl back to him.
Then she began to fade away.
“Remember, your first responsibility is to take care of my flower,” she said as her voice dissipated. She was gone!
Jiang Hao put the bowl aside. He wasn’t surprised.
He wondered if Hong Yuye had put his book back on the table.
Jiang Hao tidied up the teapot and left the courtyard.
He headed to the Law Enforcement Hall.
He wanted to see if there were any tasks related to the Hundred Bones Forest. However, he didn’t find any suitable tasks.
Most of the people in the Hundred Bone Forest were looking for sparring partners, and the ones who accepted the tasks were mostly from the Flowing Waterfall. Both sides were experts in body techniques.
He arrived in front of the sect’s mission board.
It had been several years since he had taken on a mission. Perhaps it wouldn’t be long before one was assigned to him.
Looking at it, he found that this time the sect’s mission was about cultivating spirit herbs. The location was at the border between the Hundred Bones Forest and the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
‘Spirit Mountain?’ It seemed to be an area with wild spirit herbs. Perhaps he could find something there. After all, Bai Ye was also well versed when it came to spirit herbs.
Jiang Hao quickly looked at the list. Han Ming from the Cliff of Broken Hearts was assigned to the task.
‘Junior brother Han… I can go and ask him to switch missions with me.’
It wasn’t an easy thing to do, but with his accomplishments and reputation in the Law Enforcement Hall, it should be possible.
He could always offer spirit stones…
After selling some talismans, Jiang Hao returned to the Spirit Herb Garden. Just as he entered, he saw a man waiting for him.
It was Lian Daozhi from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
‘Why is he here?’ Jiang Hao wondered.
But most likely, he had a cultivation task. Maybe he had more spirit herbs he wanted Jiang Hao to grow.
“Junior Brother Jiang.” Lian Daozhi smiled when he saw Jiang Hao.
“Do you have spirit herbs you want to grow again?” asked Jiang Hao.
“No… I actually came to see you because of a personal matter,” he said. “I wonder if you are free right now.”
“Of course,” Jiang Hao said.
Lian Daozhi was at the peak of the Golden Core Realm, so it was only out of politeness that he asked a junior if he had time. It wasn’t like Jiang Hao could refuse, even if he was busy. That would imply that Jiang Hao was deliberately provoking Lian Daozhi. He didn’t want any trouble.
The two of them sat in one of the pavilions inside the garden.
“I remember that you had a spirit beast as a pet, Junior Brother Jiang. I haven’t seen it recently. Is it alright?” asked Lian Daozhi.
‘Did it cause trouble?’ Jiang Hao wondered.
“It’s not in the sect. It went out for a few days.”
“I see…” Lian Daozhi wasn’t surprised. “I tasked some juniors with guarding a spirit herb called Bitter Fruit. It was meant to be harvested after ripening, but a spirit beast took it away. It’s not surprising for wild spirit herbs to be claimed by spirit beasts. However, the juniors told me that the beast was wearing a collar, so I assumed it might be yours. Anyhow, I was wondering if you could sell the Bitter Fruit back to me. The market price is thirty spirit stones, but I am willing to pay thirty-five. I’m in urgent need of it, so I’ll buy as many as you have.”
Jiang Hao got up and apologized to Lian Daozhi. “I’m very sorry, Senior Brother Lian. If this is my beast’s doing, I’ll naturally return the herb to you. It was yours to begin with. The spirit beast is mischievous. Please don’t mind it. I hope you can overlook this mistake on my part, Senior Brother Lian.”
The beast was obviously causing trouble the moment it got out of the sect. In addition, it had to mess with a senior in the sect. It had been caught red-handed.
The fact that Lian Daozhi spoke to him so politely meant that he was wary about something. Otherwise, why would someone at the peak of the Golden Core Realm be so polite with someone supposedly at the Foundation Establishment Realm?
He had even visited Jiang Hao in person.
“No, no, Junior Brother Jiang, that’s quite alright.” Lian Daozhi also stood up. “Indeed, we were not as skilled as the beast, and it claimed the fruit anyway. I came here to buy them from you, fair and square. I have no other intention.”
Lian Daozhi was too polite. Jiang Hao wondered if he was planning to make a move against him tonight.
Jiang Hao politely refused. After several attempts, Lian Daozhi finally offered to purchase the fruit at half the market price. He wouldn’t listen at all, so Jiang Hao relented.
“Then I’ll get going. I won’t disturb you any longer, Junior Brother Jiang.”
“Senior Brother Lian, rest assured, once the beast gets back, I’ll personally deliver the spirit herbs to you.”
After that, Lian Daozhi turned and left. ‘He is quite sensible and easy to get along with.’
The price difference between thirty-five and fifteen was insignificant to him. The main thing was to keep the other person happy.
There was no doubt that the transaction had been quite pleasant..