Chapter 251: Did I Make You Wait?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘The Law Enforcement Hall is investigating the death of Du Yong…’
In theory, it should be impossible to find any evidence against him, so Jiang Hao had nothing to worry about. Otherwise, he would have been taken into custody already.
The worst-case scenario was that he would remain on their suspect list.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. His freedom was restricted, but he was nowhere near as strong as the person from the heavenly Joy Pavilion.
If Jiang Hao was able to surpass that person in strength and power, perhaps he could also solve the matter with the Heavenly Saint Sect and Sunset Immortal Sect.
Also, Zhuang Yuzhen must not be allowed to escape. If he did, the Divine Corpse Sect would surely regard Jiang Hao as an enemy.
If that happened, even the Heavenly Note Sect might not be able to stop them.
After a short while, Jiang Hao arrived at the place where they were supposed to meet for the mission. This mission involved ten people from eight branches of the sect.
There were five men and five women in total. Three men and one woman had already arrived by the time he reached the place.
The men were in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, and the woman was in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Jiang Hao greeted them and stood at the side.
The people were rather cold toward him. They neither acknowledged him nor greeted him back. Jiang Hao didn’t know why they were acting that way.
He secretly observed the people’s aura, spiritual energy, and behavior. He did that to determine whether they were hiding their cultivation like he was.
Three more people arrived. Two were still not here.
“Why haven’t the two from the Ice Moon Valley arrived yet?” said a man from the Flowing Waterfall.
“Maybe something delayed them. Let’s wait a little longer,” said a woman from Misty Cloud Peak.
The others remained quiet.
The two remaining people still didn’t come.
“We can’t wait anymore. Let’s go,” said a frail man from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion.
“Let’s just wait a little longer. We still have time,” said a woman from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything but waited with the others.
Most of these people were in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Only one was at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. That was Wen Qi from the Flowing Waterfall, who had spoken before.
Among tne twe men, tnere was no one In tne middle stage ot tne Foundation Establishment Realm. Among the women, only one was in the middle stage and was from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion. It seemed that she was also an alchemist.
Apart from these, Jiang Hao also noticed something. These people carried spiritual energy that other cultivators didn’t have, and they were all young.
He used Daily Appraisal on one of them and found out that they were all very talented disciples.
This was a team of geniuses. If he hadn’t been given the mission, Han Ming would have been the one accompanying them. He was a True Disciple, unlike Jiang Hao.
‘It is no wonder they were cold toward me. They are all extraordinarily talented..
After a while, two women from the Ice Moon Valley finally arrived.
They were dressed in white, with their hair tied up in simple buns. They walked over to the group while talking and laughing with each other.
Wen Qi was displeased when he saw them being so tardy and without any remorse. “Do you know that you’re late?”
“So?” One of the women, the tall and slender one, glared at Wen Qi. “Did it kill you to wait a few minutes longer? No one else, except you, seems to have a problem with it.”
“That’s right! Did we ask you to wait for us?” said the other woman. “If you had a problem with waiting, you could have gone on ahead without us.” “You…” Wen Qi was enraged. An aura surged forth from him.
“Just at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm and you show this much attitude?” said the tall woman from the Ice Moon Valley. She stepped forward and released her aura. She was also at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
“Let’s go!” Wen Qi left on his flying sword.
Others followed suit. Jiang Hao was at the very back.
He didn’t care about these people. He knew they would never pay any attention to him since he was only in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm in their eyes. Besides, his talent wasn’t as high as theirs. So, they naturally ignored him.
However, the last two women who had arrived were very easily offended. The tall one was Ye Shan and the other was called Wan Xi.
They both had extraordinary talent, but they were still inner sect disciples. They hadn’t yet been promoted to True Disciples.
In fact, if Han Ming had come, he would have been the only True Disciple here.
However, judging from their aura and spirit, they were not on the same level as Han Ming.
Han Ming had gone through it all. He ventured out of the sect in search of adventure. He had faced life and death.
He even made remarkable contributions during the fight with Azure Mountain.
Han Ming never stopped improving himself. He was full of determination and perseverance. He had experienced more than anyone else in the sect.
In terms of their aura and spirit, they weren’t as refined and strong as Han Ming.
Jiang Hao realized how exceptional Han Ming actually was. He had exemplary talent and numerous resources and opportunities, yet he still put in the effort to improve.
After a short while, they reached Spirit Mountain.
The one who received them was a senior in the Golden Core Realm. He appeared dissatisfied as he stared at the group that had just arrived.
However, he didn’t say anything and told them to follow him.
‘This is not good. A senior was waiting. Just because the two from the Ice Moon Valley were late, now the senior thinks we are all disrespectful.’
When they reached the mountaintop, the senior stood in front of the spirit field and faced them.
“There are three types of spirit herbs here. They are divided into ten areas. Your task is to cultivate these spirit herbs with all your effort and make them grow. The duration of this mission is three months. You must be present here every day for these three months. Otherwise, you can head to the Law Enforcement Hall with your excuses and accept your punishment. Now, come forward one by one and take this manual from me.”
Ye Shan from the Ice Moon Valley was the first to walk up to him. She accepted the manual.
Wen Qi was next. The others walked up to the senior, one after the other, and took a copy of the manual.
Jiang Hao was the last one to approach.
He approached the senior, accepted the manual, and offered him a spirit stone under the book.
“I apologize for keeping you waiting, Senior Brother,” said Jiang Hao apologetically.
The senior in the Golden Core Realm was momentarily stunned, but he discreetly accepted the spirit stone.
A small booklet was secretly handed to Jiang Hao beneath the manual. Jiang Hao was delighted. He thanked the senior.
“Now, your mission officially begins.” The senior then flew away on his flying sword.
The group of people started searching for their respective spirit fields.
The spirit field was divided into ten portions. So, everyone would be next to one another.
Jiang Hao found his portion right at the end. There were a total of nine spirit herbs there.
Three of them had grown tall and lush. The other three were coiled around each other and were about two meters long.
The last three were the most ordinary herbs. They looked like white flowers and were the size of a person’s palm.
‘I’ve never seen this before.’
Jiang Hao checked the surroundings. He wasn’t in a rush to find a trace of Bai Ye yet.
He opened the manual to determine his task. He had to complete the task first before proceeding to other matters.
Jiang Hao learned the names of the three types of spirit herbs from the book. It was all recorded in the manual.
But that was all there was. There was no other information.
While others were still contemplating how to cultivate the spirit herbs, Jiang Hao opened the small booklet the senior had secretly handed him.
After flipping through it, Jiang Hao understood his mission and also learned about some characteristics of the spirit herbs.
He needed to nourish the herbs with spiritual energy, determine the influence of talent on specific spirit herbs, and then decide whether it was better to cultivate important herbs together to increase the chance of success.
After looking at the small booklet, Jiang Hao could only think of Bai Ye. Bai Ye was indeed a genius when it came to understanding spirit herbs.
He couldn’t let Bai Ye become one of the top ten disciples. If that happened, he couldn’t take any action against him. He would become even more terrifying..