Chapter 252: If He Can, Why Can’t You?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
A talented person like Bai Ye was probably rare even in the Hundred Bones Forest.
The book resembled Bai Ye’s style from every perspective.
Unless Bai Ye’s master is also considered such a genius among such strong individuals…
He couldn’t figure out who had issued the mission. He felt like he was a test subject.
Regardless, he couldn’t refuse the mission from the sect.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind the mission. As long as no one provoked him, everything would be fine.
If he succeeded in this, the number of people keeping an eye on him would decrease.
Jiang Hao confirmed the names and characteristics of the spirit herbs. The tall spirit herb was called Bright Sun Grass. It needed to face the sun to grow well.
Jiang Hao looked at it and found that the position of the three Bright Sun Grasses was unsuitable. So, he moved them to face the sun.
Their positions needed to be changed twice a day. Once in the morning, and once in the afternoon.
The spirit herbs that were entwined together were called the Bodhi Flowers. They bore fruits, and their roots coiled around nearby plants.
Jiang Hao surrounded it in a circle so that the herb could grow without taking up much space.
The last type of spirit herb was called White Spirit Flower. The spirit herb thrived well on moist grounds. It needed constant watering.
After completing the tasks, Jiang Hao sat down and began to cultivate. He infused spiritual energy into the soil. This way, he could synchronize the growth of the herbs with his own strength.
However, the purity of the spiritual energy would directly affect the quality of the herbs.
Jiang Hao was not worried about his pure spiritual energy being discovered. He didn’t need to be cautious to that extent.
He didn’t fear the people below him on the cultivation level, and those stronger than him didn’t have a reason to fear him anyway.
Only people between these two levels would target him. However, the ones here in the group posed no threat to him.
Occasionally, they might cause him some trouble, but that was okay.
He glanced at the others. Most of them weren’t very good at cultivating spirit herbs.
The two individuals from the Candlelight Pill Pavilion were carefully studying the spirit herbs.
Jiang Hao paid no attention to them and focused on his meditation.
When the spirit herbs matured, he would be allowed to take away three, one of each kind.
Perhaps they would be worth several hundred spirit stones in the market.
It was a difficult task. If the spirit herbs failed to mature in three months, he wouldn’t be allowed to take any of them with him. It would also mean that the mission would be considered a failure.
In the afternoon, Jiang Hao, who was meditating, was awakened by an argument.
“What does your withered flower have to do with me?” said Wen Qi.
Jiang Hao looked over at them. He saw that Ye Shan from the Ice Moon Valley was confronting Wen Qi about something.
“You’re not at fault? Do you not see that my flower needs sunlight, but your stupid grass is blocking everything?” Ye Shan berated him loudly.
“Am I to blame if your flower withers? Did I complain to you when my flower was withering?” said Wen Qi.
“This is ridiculous!” Ye Shan said. ” What does your withered flower have to do with me?”
“I ask you the same question. It’s not my fault if your flower withers.” “Your grass is blocking my flower. Can’t you move it back just a bit?” Ye Shan sneered.
“How can I move it? The grass was planted here from the beginning,” said Wen Qi as he pointed at the field next to Jiang Hao. “Just see for yourself. It’s not blocking anything, and yet the flower is withering.”
“That’s just stupid!” Ye Shan scoffed. “If he can move it, why can’t you? You still think you’re special?”
“You…” Wen Qi felt like he couldn’t breathe properly in his rage.
His aura surged violently as if he was about to attack.
Ye Shan showed no weakness and emitted a similar aura.
Jiang Hao listened to their argument and sighed inwardly. It seemed it was impossible to avoid trouble.
“That’s right! If he can move his spirit herb, why can’t you?” asked Wan Xi.
Wen Qi furrowed his brows in frustration. The others had the same question.
If Jiang Hao backed off from this, he would be treated like an outcast. However, if he agreed with them, Wen Qi would suffer.
Their gazes toward Jiang Hao turned unfriendly.
Jiang Hao was stunned. He hadn’t done anything to anyone, and yet these people were causing trouble. He was just an innocent bystander. He hadn’t even talked to them much.
He felt that the exceptional talents of the two women from the Ice Moon Valley were simply a waste when it came to them. Their temperament and attitude would get them killed sooner or later.
Their childish bickering was going to affect him too!
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything. He remained quiet and left Spirit Mountain late at night to return to his house.
He then focused on reading the nameless manual. He also set aside some time to refine the third move of the Heavenly Blade.
He had made great progress. Coming back from visiting Xiao Li’s parents had opened his mind.
His understanding of the Light and Dust Technique became even more profound.
After three days, Jiang Hao constantly saw the three people arguing over petty matters while he cultivated in silence.
On the seventh day, the spirit herbs of the others had started withering, but Jiang Hao’s herbs remained fresh.
Surprisingly, not a single person inquired about it.
It seemed that these people genuinely looked down on Jiang Hao, a disciple with above-average talent.
Even if their mission failed, they wouldn’t lower themselves to ask for help from someone like him.
Jiang Hao didn’t pay them any attention.
It wasn’t until the tenth day that they finally made a breakthrough. They visited the senior in the Golden Core Realm.
Ye Shan kept cursing under her breath. Jiang Hao didn’t know how much they had paid for the booklet, but they had gotten it too. It seemed that the price was quite high.
Jiang Hao wondered why they had acted that way if they knew it would be difficult.
If they had been respectful, one spirit stone would have sufficed.
Not only were they late, but they also didn’t apologize for making the senior wait. Didn’t they think it would leave a bad impression on the senior?
It was a big deal, and yet these people treated it so lightly.
Sometimes, a little bit of goodwill can make a person feel much better, and they would be more willing to help. It was just a matter of attitude.
‘Do they think they have to be rude and fierce all the time just because they are from the demonic sect?’
If that was the case, Jiang Hao truly felt sorry for these people. They had exemplary talents, so they looked down on everyone.
On the fifteenth day, when Wan Xi was watering the White Spirit Flower, some of it splashed onto Jiang Hao’s side of the field.
“Junior Brother, the water spilled a little to your side. Shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. He didn’t mind.
On the eighteenth day, Wan Xi deliberately splashed some more water toward his side.
“This spirit herb needs a lot of water, so I am trying to water it a lot.” Jiang Hao still didn’t say anything. He had no intention to engage with them.
However, his silence caused a commotion for others.
Ye Shan pointed to Jiang Hao. “Look at him. If he can endure it silently, why can’t you? Are you all inferior to that above-average disciple when it comes to tolerance? The worst among you has superior talent. What a waste! ”
The others were indignant. They were angry and wanted to take action but seemed unsure.
Jiang Hao glanced at them and closed his eyes to continue his cultivation..