Chapter 253: Defeat
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
As time passed, the conflicts among the others escalated. It seemed like they would start fighting at any moment.
Jiang Hao sat in front of the spirit field and watched quietly. He didn’t know whether the senior across from him really didn’t take him seriously or was just annoyed by his calmness.
When the second month arrived, she watered the White Spirit Flower and approached his Bright Sun Grass.
If she strayed a bit further away, Jiang Hao wouldn’t have minded.
However, the Bright Sun Grass was of the fire element. If she watered it any closer, it would affect the growth of his spirit herb.
“Senior Sister, I would be grateful if you could be careful with the water.”
“It’s just a little splash. It’s fine,” said Wan Xi. “Besides, the Bright Sun Grass isn’t that delicate.”
“Senior Sister, it’s not just a little…” Jiang Hao walked to the Bright Sun Grass and pointed at the boundary. “You’ve crossed the boundary quite a bit. I even moved the spirit herb back a bit. Otherwise, your water would have drowned my spirit herb.”
Wan Xi walked over to him. “Then why don’t you move it back further? You still have plenty of space, right?”
“Why do I need to move it further? If you could just water your own field and not cross the boundary, it’ll be fine.”
“No one else has any objections. Why do you have so many? Everyone is doing the same. No one seems to mind except you!”
She pointed at Jiang Hao’s White Spirit Flower. “You also water that flower. I never stop you, do I?”
“Senior Sister, the water that splashes in my boundary is affecting the growth of my Bright Sun Grass,” said Jiang Hao.
“I’ve been careful, haven’t I? What more do you want from me?” Wan Xi glared at Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao stared at the person in front of him calmly. He didn’t understand if she was doing this intentionally or if this was her nature.
“Senior Sister, can we talk in private?” Jiang Hao asked.
“What do you mean? Just say what you have to say right here,” Wan Xi said.
Ye Shan smirked. “Yeah. If you want to solve this with spirit stones, you can give them to her right here. Why sneak around?”
They already knew that Jiang Hao was able to grow his spirit herbs because he had slipped spirit stones to the senior on the first encounter.
Jiang Hao glanced at the people around him. He didn’t know how it had come to this. He had always remained silent and done his own thing, yet he seemed to have offended everyone.
He guessed he couldn’t really fit in anywhere.
Jiang Hao didn’t think much about it. He looked at Wan Xi. “Senior Sister, I’ll be very grateful if you could just water on your own field and not splash the water on my side.”
“Are you done nagging?” Wan Xi glared at Jiang Hao. “I already said— Clang!
A long saber unsheathed from its sheath and slashed down.
Wan Xi didn’t even know what had happened until blood spurted from her neck.
When she was about to attack Jiang Hao, a long spear stabbed her through her stomach and sent her flying backward.
She crashed into something and slid to the ground.
Jiang Hao walked to her and stepped on her chest with his right foot. “Can you make sure you water only your side, Senior Sister?”
Wan Xi clutched at her neck. “Jiang Hao, are you trying to kill me?! A fellow disciple? If you dare, just do it!” The Half-Moon Blade slashed down again.
Crack!
Bang!
The Half-Moon Blade only hit air. Wan Xi had disappeared. She must have used a treasure.
Wan Xi was leaning against a tree and gasping. Her eyes were filled with fear. Jiang Hao would have really killed her!
If it wasn’t for her treasure, she would have been dead!
“Senior Sister. save me!” cried Wan Xi desDeratelv.
The others finally reacted.
They were shocked that the silent and quiet Jiang Hao had actually drawn his weapon and would have killed someone just as easily.
Ye Shan was furious. “How dare you try to kill a fellow disciple? I will make sure you face the Law Enforcement Hall!”
She charged at Jiang Hao while unleashing the aura of the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Jiang Hao dodged her attack and appeared behind her.
A dagger appeared in his hand. He stabbed it into Ye Shan’s neck.
‘What a fool! She is at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm and still isn’t vigilant of her surroundings!’
Jiang Hao couldn’t believe she had exemplary talent and was considered a genius.
Jiang Hao then elbowed her on the stomach and stomped her head into the ground.
He then approached Wan Xi.
Wan Xi retreated in fear.
Jiang Hao placed the knife against her neck. “I’ll ask you again… Senior Sister, can you please make sure you water only on your own side?”
Wan Xi nodded. “Y-yes!”
“Can you say within your own field?”
“I-I can.”
“If others don’t mind it, but I do. Will that pose a problem for you?”
“No. Others are all the same, but… you’re different.”
Jiang Hao sheathed his knife. “Then I am very sorry to trouble you for it, Senior Sister.”
“It’s no trouble at all.” Wan Xi shook her head.
Jiang Hao approached Ye Shan. He helped her up. “Senior Sister, considering the situation, do you think I acted reasonably?”
“Y-yes!” said Ye Shan in fear.
“That’s good.” Jiang Hao nodded and then returned to the spirit field. He sat down and started cultivating.
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
The person that they all ignored and looked down on was very powerful.
Shortly after, the two women from the Ice Moon Valley were rescued.
The others sat quietly in their own spirit fields. No one dared to argue.
Wen Qi of the Flowing Waterfall looked at Jiang Hao. He was confused. How was Jiang Hao so fast in his attacks? Or were the two people from the Ice Moon Valley really incompetent?
Jiang Hao’s aura hadn’t exceeded that of someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, after all.
Maybe it was because Ye Shan and Wan Xi didn’t have any combat experience. But this incident would surely bring more trouble.
After all, the disciples sent on the sect’s mission were all geniuses. Ice Moon Valley would definitely demand an explanation.
However, they weren’t murdered, so the Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t get involved. At most, Jiang Hao’s resources would be confiscated, and he might have to pay a fine. Jiang Hao didn’t care.
The only thing he was concerned about was how Ice Moon Valley would handle this incident. When he had killed Yun Ruo, the Heavenly Joy Pavilion sent someone to avenge her.
Three days later, Han Ming learned about the incident from Mu Qi.
“Senior Brother Jiang defeated someone who was at the peak of Foundation Establishment Realm?” Han Ming was surprised. “But he is only at the late stage! ”
“Yeah… but the ones at the peak stage were inexperienced in combat. The consequences weren’t severe. However, several disciples in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm have sent letters from Ice Moon Valley challenging him to a fight.”
Mu Qi took out some envelopes from his pocket. He looked helpless.
Han Ming asked for the envelopes and the addresses of the two people who had picked a fight with Jiang Hao.
After that, he intercepted them.
Wan Xi and Ye Shan had just recovered from their injuries. They looked at Han Ming in confusion.
“Hello, I’m Han Ming from the Cliff of Broken Hearts. I want to challenge you to a fight, Senior Sister Wan Xi.”
Wan Xi looked shocked. “Senior Sister Wan Xi, do you accept the challenge? He looked at the envelopes in his hand. He planned to challenge them all one by one.
Han Ming hadn’t been able to defeat Jiang Hao even once, and these people wanted to challenge him!