Chapter 254: Famous Because Of His Fights
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao still maintained his usual routine of taking care of his spirit herbs at Spirit Mountain. He always went there early and returned home late at night.
He was waiting for someone from the Law Enforcement Hall to come and question him, but three days had passed and no one had come.
No matter how weak Ye Shan and Wan Xi had been, they were still exceptionally talented disciples. After he had injured them heavily, the Ice Moon Valley, or the sect, was bound to say something.
However, after the incident, everything had been quiet.
The others got along well. They greeted and spoke with each other politely, and they went about their own business.
Jiang Hao understood that these people had been sheltered their whole lives. They brought shame to the demonic sect.
Jiang Hao still remembered how Wen Qi had stayed silent when Ye Shan had berated him. Both were geniuses at the same level. Wen Qi should have taken action against her long ago.
‘After a few days, I’ll have to watch over the Immortal Peach Tree as it undergoes another incarnation.’
After leaving the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao began to think about the next incarnation of the peach tree. This time would be different.
He urgently needed to find a third purple bubble to obtain a new divine ability.
Before he could even leave the Cliff of Broken Heart, he saw Liu Xingchen approach him.
‘Finally!’ Jiang Hao had prepared for his visit mentally. He didn’t know how many spirit stones he would have to pay as compensation, but he had no choice. If the fine exceeded two thousand spirit stones, it would be troublesome for him.
If it exceeded three thousand, he would have to go sell more talismans in the next few days.
The incarnation of the Immortal peach tree required 14,000 spirit stones. He had around 17,000 spirit stones on him right now.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you don’t seem surprised to see me,” Liu Xingchen said.
“Senior Brother Liu, you must be pulling my leg,” said Jiang Hao politely.
“It seems you understand the consequences of your action, Junior Brother
Jiang,” said Liu Xingchen. “But… you are wrong this time.”
“How?” Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised. ‘Is it even more serious than I thought?’
“Do you think the situation is that grave?” Liu Xingchen teased him.
Jiang Hao thought for a moment. “If you came alone, the case might not be very serious.”
Liu Xingchen laughed. “Indeed! It’s not a problem at all.”
Jiang Hao was baffled. “Really?”
“Yes. The people from the Ice Moon Valley wanted you to pay five hundred spirit stones as compensation. The Law Enforcement Hall didn’t want to get involved because it was just a simple fight between disciples of two branches. However, they did agree that five hundred spirit stones were good enough to pay as compensation. However, your master refused,” said Liu Xingchen. “The Cliff Master asked how someone could demand compensation after being defeated by someone at a lower level than them. The negotiation broke down completely after that.”
“The negotiations broke down?!” Jiang Hao was astonished.
“Yeah. So, there was no agreement, but your master said his branch was ready for a fight if they wanted it. This time, it seems the Cliff of Broken Hearts wants to protect you. It’s only natural. You have made so many contributions to the branch, after all.”
Liu Xingchen chuckled. “Besides, you are already on our suspect list. Junior Brother Jiang, this time you don’t need to pay any compensation. The only trouble is that the cultivators from Ice Moon Valley might come to challenge you. They will do it for the sake of their reputation and to please the two people who picked a fight with you. Someone is always trying to make trouble.”
Jiang Hao suddenly realized that making contributions had its benefits. As long as he had achievements to his name that benefited the branch, they would have his back.
Even when the Law Enforcement Hall had arrested him, he had to be released sooner than the others because he was one of the top ten disciples at the time.
This time, the merit he had gained from making the Corpse Realm Flower bloom helped him.
His master was willing to argue and fight to see him treated well!
But the challenges…
“I’ve never received a challenge before,” Jiang Hao said.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “You know, whether you pay the compensation or not, it will be the same. People will try to target you anyway. The situation won’t get too serious, though. Ice Moon Valley has other disciples they need to focus on. I asked around and found out that many people are praising your combat skills.”
Jiang Hao understood how unpleasant the two disciples had been. It was only natural for others to dislike them.
However, he was surprised that no one had tried to take action against him until now.
Perhaps the ones who were talented didn’t want to engage in petty matters like these. Those who were exceptionally talented usually wanted to live longer to get stronger.
After that, Liu Xingchen went to the mines again.
Currently, he was still in a state where two remnant souls had banded together against him. If he found another remnant soul, the three souls would fight against him. It was unclear who would win in the end.
Jiang Hao planned to look around the spirit field at Spirit Mountain for traces of Bai Ye. The main reason he took on this mission was to do just that. He couldn’t delay any longer.
When he arrived at Spirit Mountain, he found that Ye Shan and Wan Xi had returned to their respective spirit fields.
Their injuries had completely healed, but Wan Xi looked quite disheveled. Jiang Hao wondered what had happened to her.
When the two of them saw Jiang Hao, they lowered their heads and didn’t meet his eyes.
Jiang Hao’s ruthlessness had intimidated them.
At first, they thought that they were looking down on Jiang Hao because he was someone with only average talent. However, it now seemed that Jiang Hao had looked down on them instead.
Now, whenever Jiang Hao said something, they listened carefully. They were afraid he would draw his saber again.
Jiang Hao had been so fast in his attacks that no one dared confront him.
Wan Xi moved her spirit herbs further away from the boundary so that water wouldn’t splash on Jiang Hao’s spirit field.
Jiang Hao’s attitude toward these people remained the same. He was calm and polite with everyone.
After that, he tended to the spirit herbs and wandered around the area. His spirit herbs were about to mature and didn’t need constant supervision.
He didn’t care whether the others would try to destroy his herbs when he was away. No one had dared to do that so far. If they did, he would deal with it.
In the third month, Jiang Hao’s spirit herbs had fully matured. He was now waiting for the end of the mission.
During that time, he observed his surroundings.
He used Daily Appraisal on the spirit herbs in other people’s fields. However, nothing was strange. The spirit herbs in the field of the Candlelight Pill
Pavilion disciples were the same as those belonging to the disciples from the Hundred Bones Forest.
He especially paid attention to the spirit herbs in the spirit field, overseen by those from Hundred Bones Forest. He wanted to see if he could find any trace of Bai Ye. But so far, he had found nothing.
There was one surprising news during this time. Han Ming had accepted so many challenges that were meant for Jiang Hao. Most of his opponents were in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
As someone in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, he had no extra advantage. He had suffered multiple injuries. However, Han Ming had persevered. He had won three challenges and lost four.
However, in the eighth fight, he made a breakthrough amidst his injuries and advanced to the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
He had become famous for his endless fights and determination. Whenever Jiang Hao met Mu Qi, he praised him to the skies.
As fellow disciples with exceptional talent, Ye Shan and the others were as weak as those with below-average talent.
However, Han Ming was extraordinary. Even with exceptional talent, it was impossible to reach the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm at the age of twenty-three.
Jiang Hao sat in the spirit field and began to think about the Immortal Peach Tree.
It was now mid-November. The incarnation of the tree couldn’t be delayed anymore.
‘I’ll go back early today and help with the incarnation.’
Once the incarnation succeeded, he might be able to obtain a new divine ability..