Chapter 255: The Demoness Stays Back and Wants To Take A Bath
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation  Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the Hidden Cloud Prefecture, upstream of the Huangsha River, Bi Zhu floated midair.
She looked down at the river.
“It seems like this is the place. I wonder if I can find what I’m looking for.”
The location Jing had provided was right here. It was time to confirm everything.
“I want to see if Jing was bluffing. If not, let’S see how he dealt with the dragon.
His methods might not have been effective.”
She wasn’t in a hurry. She continued to float down along the riverside.
“It should be this area.”
Bi Zhu floated in the air. Her green dress swayed in the breeze.
She stared at the river. As she continued downstream, the turbulent river slowed down.
She stopped in her tracks.
She had imagined the dragon to be huge, but it was so small in reality. She had almost missed it.
“It can’t be… Is this the only thing that is left?”
Doubt filled her mind as she slowly descended. The water separated, revealing the riverbed.
She saw a purple sphere. “Huh?”
She gestured to it, and the sphere flew to her hand.
She left the surface of the river and floated up into the sky. She examined the purple sphere. She could see a tiny dragon inside.
It was so small that she would have missed it if she hadn’t been paying attention.
She was intrigued by the technique that was used to seal the creature.
“I have never seen something like this!”
Jing was not as simple as she had thought. An ordinary cultivator wouldn’t have a technique like this.
“It seems that he’s not pretending to be mysterious. I’ll have to be more vigilant in the next transaction.”
She put away the dragon and looked at the distant village. Bi Zhu thought that she might be able to find out more by asking around.
However, there was no need to draw attention to the matter right now. She left from there and prepared for the next gathering.
In the Heavenly Note Sect, Jiang Hao returned to his residence a little early.
At this moment, the spirit beast was with Xiao Li. They were secretly picking peaches from the tree.
“We picked so many. What if Senior Brother Jiang scolds us?” Xiao Li was a little afraid.
“He won’t. Master will never scold me.”
“What about me?”
“Just mention my name. Everything will be fine.” “Really?”
“Have I ever lied to you?” asked the spirit beast.
“I didn’t know spirit beasts liked peaches,” said Xiao Li.
“Spirit beasts eat people. Later, we’ll go and… and find some carrots! I love carrots!”
Jiang Hao had just stepped through the gate when the spirit beast sensed his presence. He was surprised. The beast seemed to sense him, no matter how well he hid himself.
“Master, you’re back!” said the spirit beast.
Xiao Li was so startled that she dropped two peaches on the ground.
“S-Senior Brother J-Jiang!” She picked up the peaches from the ground and lowered her head guiltily.
Jiang Hao looked at her. “Are the peaches sweet this time?”
“Yes. Very.” Xiao Li nodded.
‘Indeed…
Jiang Hao let Xiao Li and the spirit beast pick more peaches. She looked very happy that she wasn’t punished.
When there were only three peaches left on the tree, Jiang Hao told them to stop.
Xiao Li hopped back to her house happily with a peach in her mouth.
Jiang Hao watched Xiao Li leave and turned around. He saw that the spirit beast was battered and bruised, and it was hanging from a ranch.
“Do you know who your junior is?” asked a pleasant voice.
Although the tone of her voice was casual, Jiang Hao didn’t let his guard down.
Jiang Hao saw Hong Yuye appear near the tree in a red and white dress. Her hair was tied up in a bun.
She plucked a peach from the branch and took a bite.
Jiang Hao felt as though his heart would give out. It was racing too much. Hong Yuye looked particularly beautiful at that moment.
‘Is she using enchantment on me?’
Jiang Hao was baffled. He could withstand every enchantment directed at him, except hers. The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison had no effect when he faced her.
“This is sweet.” Hong Yuye looked disappointed. “It seems like you’re wrong again.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. “Perhaps that was the only sweet one, and you happened to eat it.”
“Tell me about your junior. Do you know what she is?” Hong Yuye sat on a wooden chair and bit into the peach again.
“Senior, do you know it already?”
A tremendous force surged forth. With a bang, Jiang Hao crashed into the wall.
“I’m the one asking you… not the other way around.”
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief and stood up. “Junior Sister Xiao Li is a dragon.”
“Do you know what kind of dragon she is?” Hong Yuye asked again.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“Tell me how she joined you here.”
Jiang Hao explained Xiao Li’s situation and how he had helped her with meals from the cafeteria because it wasn’t enough for her.
“So, you recruited her into the sect… It’s not surprising.” Hong Yuye chuckled. “She is still young. She will treat whoever treats her well with kindness. You gave her a meal. She will always remember that.”
“Are dragons really that vulnerable emotionally?” Jiang Hao asked.
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao and smiled. “Don’t you see it?”
Xiao Li had lost her memory and her power. Jiang Hao was hoping to learn more from Hong Yuye.
“Eat the peach.” Hong Yuye pointed to the peach tree. “Can we proceed with the incarnation today?”
“We can.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He had planned to do it today anyway.
After eating the peach, he began to arrange the spirit stones in a formation. 14,700 spirit stones were gone just like that!
He only had about three thousand with him now.
Hong Yuye sat on the wooden chair and watched as the last peach absorbed all the nutrients and spiritual energy.
In the middle of the night, the peach tree withered. Early the next morning, the fruit fell to the ground.
The entire tree turned to ash.
“It’s almost done.”
He didn’t expect Hong Yuye to stay overnight at his place.
“What’s next?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao picked up the peach tree seed and planted it again at the same spot. “The next step is to water it for six days. It’ll sprout again. It’ll be a new cycle.”
“Is that all?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Hong Yuye stood up and walked inside the house. “Prepare some hot water. I want to take a bath.”
Jiang Hao still felt a dull pain in his back from the time he had crashed into the wall. He didn’t dare refuse her.
“Oh, by the way…” Hong Yuye suddenly stopped and turned around. “Use your divine ability on me again.”
‘Divine ability? Does she mean Daily Appraisal?’