Chapter 256: Do You Think I Can’t Take A Bath By Myself?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was puzzled because of Hong Yuye’s sudden request.
Since he had advanced, he hadn’t really tried using Daily Appraisal on her.
It was easy to be caught. He had postponed it until he got stronger.
He had no choice but to use it this time.
He adjusted his breathing and concealed his aura. Then he activated the Daily Appraisal.
The feedback came slowly. Hong Yuye was too powerful, so the ability took its time to show the information.
The feedback finally came!
[Hong Yuye: Infected with the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison. Her Yin Poison forms a unique pair with your Yang Poison…]
Jiang Hao was surprised. The feedback wasn’t full of question marks like before. However, it still didn’t reveal much.
He wondered if he would be able to uncover more if he advanced further. But he had to get Hong Yuye’s permission to use the ability. Otherwise, it would be risky.
“I used it,” Jiang Hao said.
“Have you tried the techniques from the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade book that I gave you?” asked Hong Yuye. “How far did you reach?” “The third form,” Jiang Hao said truthfully.
He didn’t know when he would be able to learn the fourth form.
Hong Yuye didn’t ask anymore and waited in the hall while Jiang Hao heated the water.
After heating the water and pouring it into the tub, he sprinkled some silver moon petals on the surface.
This time, he only used one packet of the petals. He didn’t know if that would be enough to cover the surface.
He then informed Hong Yuye that the water was ready.
Hong Yuye walked in and reached out to check the water. She then turned to
Jiang Hao. “Do you think I can’t take a bath by myself?”
Jiang Hao stepped back. “Of course not. I’ll leave now.”
He was just waiting to see if Hong Yuye would have a problem with it.
Jiang Hao stood at the door behind him as he left. He took out the book on Light and Dust Technique. This cultivation technique was related to one’s state of mind.
He always felt a little dazed whenever Hong Yuye visited.
If he hadn’t practiced mindfulness, he would have been very flustered right now.
He read the book for a while until his heart stopped pounding. The stone tablet trembled in his pocket.
He checked it and saw that Dan Yuan had called for a gathering a month later.
It had been nearly five months since the last gathering, and it was indeed time for another one.
However, the notification came earlier this time. They had to wait for a month!
He glanced at the messages.
It was a conversation between Liu and Xing.
Liu had tracked down the person Xing was looking for. He was asking if Xing needed them alive.
Jiang Hao felt that Liu was incredibly powerful.
He needed to be prepared for the gathering.
Gui’s mission was already done. He was just waiting for the next gathering to collect his reward.
Liu was just focusing on his cultivation, while Xing didn’t really have any tasks at hand.
Jiang Hao couldn’t fulfill Xing’s mission even if he had the ability. Liu was already assigned to it. It wouldn’t look good to snatch away another person’s target. If he did that, they would resent him.
Some things couldn’t be rushed. There was still time.
It was better to obtain the curses to deal with Bai Ye first.
Putting away the stone tablet, Jiang Hao turned to look at the door behind him.
It had been a long time since Hong Yuye had gone inside. She still hadn’t come out. Jiang Hao wondered if it would be the same as last time.
He wanted to check to make sure she was okay. But after the last incident, he didn’t dare open the door. He had no choice but to wait.
“Come in,” said the voice from inside.
Jiang Hao was startled. He calmed himself and got up.
He knocked and informed her that he was opening the door. Then he went in.
She was standing beside the tub, dressed in a blue and white gown. Her hair cascaded down to her waist.
She leaned down and stirred the water. “This tub is too small. Get a larger one.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He saw that the silver moon petals were still scattered on the surface.
The room was spacious enough to accommodate a larger wooden tub.
Hong Yuye turned to face him. “If the tub is still the same next time I visit, I’ll stuff you in it.”
Jiang Hao promised to replace it.
Then Hong Yuye faded away.
Jiang Hao saw her vanish. He noticed that her red and white dress was still draped across the screen.
He thought Hong Yuye had forgotten her dress. In the next moment, the dress vanished.
He then went to the market to find another tub. He found one that had curved edges. It was larger than the one he had before. It had some stones edged onto the side. They were sunset red.
He thought Hong Yuye would like this tub. Fortunately, it wasn’t very expensive. It cost him only one spirit stone.
After installing the tub, Jiang Hao continued with his own work.
He headed to Spirit Mountain and walked around the area. He still didn’t find anything.
On the sixth day, Jiang Hao returned to his courtyard to see the spirit beast drooling beside the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. He also saw a purple bubble beside the peach tree seedling. [Divine Ability Fragment +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Strength +1]
White bubbles occasionally appeared in the courtyard, but they weren’t as important as purple bubbles.
Jiang Hao sat on the wooden chair and glanced at his interface.
[Divine Ability: 3/3 (can be obtained)]
Without any hesitation, he chose to acquire it.
He was excited to see what kind of divine ability he would get this time.
After acquiring it, the numbers instantly reset to zero.
At that moment, he felt changes throughout his entire body. He felt energy rushing from his skin to his bones.
It felt as though countless ants were crawling within and outside his body. It made him feel a bit uncomfortable.
The sensation disappeared after a while.
Although he didn’t know what divine ability he had obtained, he was sure it had something to do with physicality.
Atter a while, his body returned to normal.
There were no substantial changes in his body. He didn’t feel anything different.
‘Maybe the divine ability isn’t very powerful this time…’ He sighed and opened his interface to confirm it..