Chapter 257: Fifth -Ranked Disciple
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 24]
[Cultivation: Middle Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 36/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 34/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Ability: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘Revival of Withered Tree?’
Jiang Hao was quite surprised.
‘It is no wonder I couldn’t use it. It doesn’t seem like a common type of divine ability.’
This divine power targeted the entire body. It was supposedly a passive divine ability. Maybe it could be activated after getting injured.
He hefted his Half-Moon Blade and made a small cut on his palm.
As expected, the Revival of Withered Tree activated by default and healed his cut at a rapid speed!
The divine ability acted quite fast because it was only a small cut. It didn’t even consume his energy. He wondered what would happen if he was severely injured.
‘It seems I need to test the limits of this ability…’
Jiang Hao felt that having such an ability was useful in the long run. It made him feel safe.
However, the extent of the sense of safety would depend on the limits of the ability.
Jiang Hao checked his lifeblood and cultivation. By next year, he should be able to advance to the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
He just hoped that he wouldn’t be sent on other missions that would prevent him from collecting bubbles.
Currently, most bubbles came from the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
‘Nowadays, ordinary spirit herbs rarely produce bubbles. I wonder if mining is any useful… In the past, I could get twenty bubbles in a day, but now, I get two at most.’
Unfortunately, he couldn’t go to the mines without a good reason. The downside of having merit was that he couldn’t be punished for petty misdemeanors by being sent to the mines.
Seven days passed in a flash. Jiang Hao realized that there were only two weeks left until the end of the sect’s mission.
Jiang Hao headed to the Law Enforcement Hall to pay the remaining one thousand spirit stones for his previous failed mission. The senior at the reception expressed her regrets and informed him that he couldn’t accept any more missions for the time being because he had recently run into trouble.
“I understand,” said Jiang Hao. “Thank you, Senior Sister.”
He also constantly tried to test the Revival of Withered Tree ability.
It could heal all sorts of injuries. Injuries caused by treasures, spells, poison, or weapons were all able to heal.
However, the time it took to heal the injuries varied. Sometimes it would heal in no time. Other times, it took a while. Regardless, it was still faster than the body’s natural healing ability.
Jiang Hao also felt some improvements in his cultivation and meditation. The Revival of Withered Tree was more useful than he had anticipated.
As mid-December approached, there were only three days left until the end of the sect’s mission. Three months were almost over.
By now, most people’s spirit herbs had matured.
However, Wan Xi still had one White Spirit Flower that hadn’t grown well. It was because she didn’t water it very well.
After the last incident where Jiang Hao had drawn his saber, there had been no further disputes among the group.
Today, everyone talked and laughed among themselves. They seemed happy that the mission was finally coming to an end.
Jiang Hao walked along the border of the Hundred Bones Forest, which was close to the spirit field. He walked along the path and observed the spirit herbs.
If he still didn’t find anything, he would have to return empty-handed.
After walking for a while, he saw a girl carrying a basket. She was heading up the mountain.
Her hair was in double braids, and she wore the attire of the sect. Jiang Hao was startled to see her.
Although she seemed to be in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, she emanated indescribable power. Her strength surpassed even that of someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“Senior Brother, why are you staring at me?” asked the girl curiously.
The Heaven Extinction Gu Poison worked its magic in keeping him calm. “I’m very sorry if I have offended you in any way, Junior Sister. It’s just that I haven’t seen anyone else on the mountain in the past few months.”
“That’s alright,” said the girl and smiled. “Senior Brother, are you curious about the spirit herbs found here?”
Jiang Hao nodded. “I work in the Spirit Herb Garden in my branch. I wanted to familiarize myself with these spirit herbs. They look unique.”
“I see. However, these spirit herbs here can only be looked at and not touched.
Most of them are our master’s favorites. Unfortunately, not many of us in the
Hundred Bones Forest know much about spirit herbs, except Senior Brother Bai Ye. But Senior Brother Bai Ye chooses to stay holed up in his own house and refuses to come out. So, I’m trying to take care of them, but I don’t know much either.”
“I see.” Jiang Hao nodded. “I heard Senior Brother Bai Ye has challenged Senior Brother Manlong for the title of one of the top ten disciples.”
“I’ve heard about it too, but I feel that Senior Brother Bai Ye will fail. He’s not good at fighting. It might require absolute strength to win the title of one of the top ten disciples of the sect. If it was based on talent, maybe he would have a chance…” The girl pointed to some spirit herbs at a distance. “Would you like to follow me there, Senior Brother? I need to take care of those herbs.”
“Sure.” Jiang Hao nodded.
The girl walked ahead. Jiang Hao finally activated the Daily Appraisal on her.
[Ye Yaqing: The fifth top disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect. A True Disciple of the Hundred Bones Forest. Her cultivation base is at the late stage of the Soul Ascension Realm. Bai Ye’s recklessness has stressed her out. She has a fondness for cultivating spirit herbs and possesses extraordinary talent. She chose to cultivate strength instead of alchemy, despite being gifted at both. Although she looks ordinary, people have always admired and looked up to her.]
Jiang Hao was astonished. She was actually in the fifth rank among the top ten disciples of the sect!
Manlong was the tenth. He was at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Ye Yaqing was already at the late stage of the Soul Ascension Realm!
The gap in power and strength was ridiculously huge!
Jiang Hao wondered how powerful that first-ranked disciple would be.
He had known that the top ten disciples were incredibly powerful, but he was still astonished. Now that he had seen the disciple who ranked fifth, he realized how massive the gap between him and her was.
If he could catch up in a few years, he still had hope.
“Why do you think Senior Brother Bai Ye will fail, Junior Sister?” asked Jiang Hao. “I feel that he might have a shot at winning.”
Ye Yaqing squatted down and looked at a white flower. She seemed deep in thought. “I don’t know… I think that Senior Brother Bai Ye’s strength isn’t enough to win the title of one of the top ten disciples.”
‘Not enough?’
If she was actually at the Foundation Establishment Realm, Jiang Hao wouldn’t have believed her. However, she was in the Soul Ascension Realm. If she felt that Bai Ye didn’t have a chance, then he believed her.
However, he wouldn’t give up on finding a way to deal with Bai Ye.
“Are there many other people who want to see Senior Brother Bai Ye fight?” he asked.
“Yes.” Ye Yaqing smiled and looked at him. “Many people want to see how powerful Senior Brother Bai Ye is. They have even placed bets. Whenever a challenge is issued in the sect, that happens. Recently, some people wanted to meet Senior Brother Bai Ye to buy his pills. They wait for him to become one of the top ten disciples and sell the pills at a higher price. A pill made by one of the top ten disciples is considered very valuable.”
“Oh… by the way, I have some pills here. Senior Brother Bai Ye made them. The market price is thirty-five spirit stones, but I’ll sell them to you for forty. If
Senior Brother Bai Ye wins, you can sell them at the market for fifty or more.
These are genuine!”