Chapter 258: So, A Top Disciple Can Lie Too
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao accepted a bottle of pills. He felt disappointed. He had no use for Foundation Establishment Pills.
However, if they were truly refined by Bai Ye himself, he could use them to place a curse on him!
Casting a curse was tricky. He would need more pills. “Is it really refined by Senior Brother Bai Ye?” Jiang Hao asked. “Of course, I would never deceive you,” Ye Yaqing said solemnly.
“Is there more?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes, of course! But do you have enough spirit stones? You are only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, after all.’
“Junior Sister, your cultivation seems even lower than mine, yet you have so many pills! If you have pills, then I can have spirit stones.” For a moment, Ye Yaqing was stunned. Then she nodded.
“Of course, Senior Brother. You’re right!”
She took out nine more bottles of pills. “Here… a total of ten bottles. That will be four hundred spirit stones.”
“Is there more?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Senior Brother, you have an unexpectedly large amount of spirit stones!” “I’ve saved them for many years,” Jiang Hao said.
Many people knew that he sold talismans. Why else would the people from the Law Enforcement Hall keep an eye on him every day? They wanted to rip him off.
Talisman makers, pill refiners, artifact forgers, and formation masters were all money-making professions.
Some earned a lot in their field, while others… not so much. But it required patience and talent to make these things. Otherwise, everyone could do it, and the items would have no value at all.
“I’m out of pills right now… What about a magic artifact? However, it’s a little damaged. I was planning to take it for repairs.” Ye Yaqing looked around and took out a palm-sized shield. “This Wishful Mountain Shield can be used for defense. You can even activate automatic defense with it.”
“Automatic defense treasures are very rare. They withstand all Foundation
Establishment Realm attacks and even some Golden Core Realm attacks too. However, the Wishful Mountain Shield is broken. It costs three thousand spirit stones to repair it. The market price should be around 2,500 spirit stones for this broken shield.”
“So, I will have to pay you 5,500 spirit stones if I want it?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Six thousand, actually. You need to pay an extra five hundred spirit stones.
Otherwise, there is no profit for me.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. Where would he get so many spirit stones?
However, if it was really Bai Ye’s personal treasure, it would be useful for him. It would increase the success rate of his curses.
The pills cost him four hundred spirit stones. The shield was six thousand. It was simply too exorbitant.
However, both the pills and the magic artifact could be sold. Jiang Hao didn’t think it would take so much to repair a broken shield.
“I’ll take the pills for now… I’ll consider the magic artifact and get back to you.” Jiang Hao gave her four hundred spirit stones. “Let’s meet here tomorrow. I’ll confirm with you whether I want the magic artifact then.”
“Alright. I’ll wait for you here tomorrow.” Ye Yaqing accepted the spirit stones joyfully. “Do you really have six thousand spirit stones?”
“I only have three thousand. As for the other three thousand for repair, I might have to wait and think about it.”
If she was willing to sell him the shield for three thousand, it would be great.
Ye Yaqing nodded.
After that, Jiang Hao returned to his spirit field, while Ye Yaqing continued to tend the spirit herbs.
The next day, Jiang Hao set up a stall at the marketplace to sell talismans.
He was stalling for time to decide whether it was worth it to buy the shield. He wanted to appraise it first. It was ridiculously expensive, so he wanted to confirm if it actually belonged to Bai Ye.
If it did, he would buy it.
He needed more spirit stones. He currently had 1,300 spirit stones.
He put the fifteen Healing Talismans, fifteen Hundred Thousand Swords Talismans, and fifteen Earth-Shattering Talismans on display.
If he could sell them all today, he would have enough spirit stones to buy the artifact. That was unlikely, unless…
“Do you have a Power Manipulation Talisman?” asked a voice.
Jiang Hao looked up and saw a familiar face. He knew the person. He was always rude, but he paid well.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
“No?” Duan Guan said disdainfully. “You can’t even make such a simple talisman? Is your late stage in the Foundation Establishment Realm just for show? I’ve never seen such a lousy talisman-maker. You have talent, but you’re lazy. You might be killed sooner or later. Just go back to your home and farm or something.”
After he finished speaking, Duan Guan swept away all the talismans on display and left behind 2,250 spirit stones.
Jiang Hao was dumbfounded. Duan Guan was very impolite, but he always bought everything from him. How did he have so many spirit stones?
This time, the sole reason Jiang Hao had set up a stall in the market was to wait for Duan Guan.
He did have a few Power Manipulation Talismans, but he didn’t really sell them.
Duan Guan found faults in Jiang Hao no matter what he did. He didn’t want to offend him by appearing capable. He was afraid Duan Guan might stop buying talismans from him. It would be more trouble than it was worth.
Jiang Hao hoped he would encounter Duan Guan in the coming months too. Even Leng Tian would do. She usually bought a lot of talismans.
After that, he headed to the border of the Hundred Bones Forest at Spirit Mountain. Ye Yaqing was waiting for him.
“Senior Brother, you actually came! Have you made up your mind?”
“Can I see the item first?”
“Of course.”
After receiving the magic artifact, Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on it.
[Damaged Wishful Mountain Shield: After being refined, it can move according to one’s will. It is as steady as a great mountain, with extremely strong defensive power. It was an important magic artifact for Bai Ye when he was in the Golden Core Realm. However, it was damaged badly and was later found by Ye Yaqing. Even if it’s repaired, it won’t have the same effect as before. Ye Yaqing is waiting to sell it to a poor fool.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. It was indeed Bai Ye’s artifact!
‘A poor fool…’ He felt embarrassed.
However, he didn’t mind. He could happily be the fool.
“I’ll buy it.” He handed over three thousand spirit stones.
He was now left with only five hundred spirit stones.
“Are you sure?” Ye Yaqing was surprised. “Yeah. If everything goes well, I can sell it for more.”
“You’re really playing big. I wish you luck.”
Jiang Hao bid her farewell. Neither of them tried to find out more about each other. It was strictly a business transaction. It was better that way.
The next day was the final day of the sect’s mission.
Jiang Hao appraised the pills. The first bottle wasn’t refined by Bai Ye. He had been scammed!
He sighed. ‘I never thought someone who ranked fifth among the top ten disciples would scam others for spirit stones…’
It seemed like everyone was in need of spirit stones.
He understood the need. He was at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, but he didn’t even have as much money as someone at his stage would have.
‘After completing the sect’s mission today, I will wait for the midnight gathering..’