Chapter 259: The End of All Things
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
On the last day, when Jiang Hao arrived at the foot of Spirit Mountain, he found that the senior was already waiting for them.
He quickly went over to greet him and then waited for the others.
After a while, the others arrived one by one.
Finally, Ye Shan and Wan Xi arrived.
When they saw the senior, they walked up to him and apologized for making him wait. The senior was surprised. These people had changed in a couple of months.
“Now that everyone is here, let’s go up and see your achievements.”
The others nodded in agreement.
A group of eleven people arrived at the top of Spirit Mountain. All the spirit herbs had matured, except for one White Spirit Flower that belonged to Wan Xi.
“If they have matured, you can take away one-third as your reward, and I will take the rest,” said the senior. “You can choose which one to take with you.”
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment and chose the best Bright Sun Grass, a medium-grade Bodhi Flower, and a low-grade White Spirit Flower.
Once everyone made their choices, they were escorted away from Spirit Mountain.
Before leaving, Jiang Hao noticed that Ye Shan and the others had a relieved smiles on their faces. These people were still too naive.
Jiang Hao felt that they wouldn’t live very long.
After a while, he received a reward of one hundred spirit stones from the Law Enforcement Hall for the mission. It was less than he had expected.
On his way back to the Spirit Herb Garden, he saw someone being beaten in the woods.
It turned out to be Lin Zhi.
“You used all the spirit stones and pills? What’s the point of using them when you can’t even advance beyond the first stage of the Lifeblood Refinement
Realm?” A girl in the fourth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm kicked Lin Zhi.
“Yeah, in three months, he will be expelled from the sect.”
“Hard to say. I heard that his two friends have found someone to help him extend his time limit. It’s good to have such friends. Too bad this trash can’t amount to anything.”
“It’s been almost three years, and he’s still only at the first stage of the
Lifeblood Refinement Realm. I’ve never seen a disciple with such poor talent.” “Let’s go. We can always snatch the spirit stones next time.”
Jiang Hao shook his head and walked away. There was nothing he could do. He couldn’t intervene.
As the mentor, the spirit beast would guide Lin Zhi, not him. He couldn’t get too involved in this.
“Sister Zhou, there is no need to be so polite. It’s just one year. It’s no problem at all,” said a disciple in the Foundation Establishment Realm, who was in charge of managing the outer sect disciples. Zhao Qingxue gave him two spirit stones in gratitude.
“Thank you, Junior Brother.” Zhou Chan turned to leave with Zhao Qingxue.
They had visited specifically to request to extend Lin Zhi’s stay. Another year should be enough for him to reach the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
Before leaving, Zhao Qingxue also expressed her gratitude. “Thank you so much, Senior Brother.”
“It’s nothing,” said the disciple in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm with a smile.
After seeing them off, he let out a sigh of relief. He then looked at the two spirit stones and smiled.
As for Lin Zhi, he took out the list. Lin Zhi’s name was crossed out. He didn’t have any time limits at all. Somehow, the two people were unaware of it.
Lin Zhi could stay for another year. He could stay here indefinitely. He didn’t know why Lin Zhi was allowed to stay.
He had just received an order the other day. It was an order from the highest authority on the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
After spending some time in the Spirit Herb Garden and tending to some spirit herbs, Jiang Hao returned to his own courtyard.
He placed the things he had recently obtained on the table.
There were three spirit herbs, which should be worth about seven hundred spirit stones in total.
Adding the one hundred he had received, he now had a total of eight hundred spirit stones.
Jiang Hao had no plans to sell the three spirit herbs. He wanted to see if their effects were similar to other spirit herbs.
He also had ten bottles of Foundation Establishment Realm Pills and the magic artifact.
The magic artifact had already been appraised, along with one bottle of pills.
They could all be used as mediums to place the curse. The success rate would be higher.
After putting away the items, he waited. The gathering would be held tonight.
For Jiang Hao, who was in the Heavenly Note Sect, the gathering was the only way for him to know what was happening outside.
The gathering would be quite helpful for him. He had learned about Zhuang Yuzhen’s visit to the sect through the gathering.
Midnight finally arrived.
Jiang Hao entered the stone tablet and waited in the public area.
Today, besides Senior Dan Yuan, four other people were attending the gathering.
Jiang Hao had always been curious about who else was involved in this.
But for now, it would be better if they weren’t here. With too many people, he wouldn’t be able to build a mysterious persona and make them trust him.
After greeting Senior Dan Yuan, they asked questions about cultivation.
Only Xing raised doubts about a cultivation technique that sounded quite powerful.
It was called “Vast Sun and Moon.”
Senior Dan Yuan seemed to be quite familiar with the technique and patiently answered Xing’s questions.
“Now that there are no more questions, let’s talk about the previous mission.”
Dan Yuan looked at everyone. “Did you find anything about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?”
The others shook their heads.
“That’s alright.” Dan Yuan smiled. “Jing, I have the information you wanted. Should I say it in front of everyone, or would you want to talk privately?” “Privately,” Jiang Hao said.
This matter could be related to him personally, so it was better to be cautious.
“Okay.” Dan Yuan nodded, and then a stone tablet appeared in front of Jiang Hao. “Place your hand.”
When Jiang Hao placed his hand on it, he received a piece of information in his mind.
The content of the information was:
“The Great Thousand God Sect is investigating the past and present of the Heavenly Note Sect, as well as its current location, important matters, important individuals, and important objects. The reason the Great Thousand God Sect is investigating the Heavenly Note Sect is that they are working for a mysterious person who is probably looking for something related to the end of all things.”
‘The end of all things?’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
This was too powerful. They provided such detailed information.
It was no wonder Senior Dan Yuan could hold such a high position. It was understandable why everyone worked so hard to finish the mission they were given. The information that they got in exchange was worth it.
Jiang Hao calmly withdrew his hand. “Thank you, Senior Dan Yuan.”
“Now, let’s talk about another mission.” Dan Yuan looked at everyone again.
“The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl should be somewhere in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. Now, I will pass on a sealing technique to all of you. If you encounter it, you can seal it using this method. If you have any information on it or can successfully seal it, you can request any information you want. But it would be best to inform the sect as soon as possible to suppress it..”