Chapter 261: Peerless Demon
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Early in the morning, Jiang Hao looked at the notebook in front of him and sighed wearily.
After confirming twice that everything was in order, he put the items away.
He would let Hong Yuye take a look at the sealing technique later and only practice it if there were no issues.
Although he possessed the Universe in a Palm technique to seal the pearl, Dan Yuan’s sealing technique was stronger.
He didn’t know any other sealing techniques. So, it was a good idea to learn this one.
However, he needed to be careful when using it. It could easily expose his identity.
It could be useful if anyone in the gathering wanted someone captured, and he could use the Seven-Stars Technique to seal them. It would leave a good impression.
As for the curse technique, he would study it tonight.
It had been a long time since he last visited the Spirit Herb Garden. Starting today, he decided to get back to his routine.
He arrived in the courtyard and saw the beast sitting in front of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. It looked like it was deep in thought.
“What are you doing?” Jiang Hao asked as he watered the flower. “Master, my friends said that Lin Zhi might get expelled from the sect.”
“So?” Jiang Hao asked, putting away the bowl.
“I pulled some strings and let Lin Zhi stay back in the sect.” “How long can your “friends” make him stay?” Jiang Hao asked. “One year. The rest… Master, that is up to you.”
Jiang Hao chuckled. The spirit beast was truly bold and shameless.
As a Foundation Establishment Realm pet, it had gained some reputation at the Cliff of Broken Hearts
If Lin Zhi wasn’t investigated, then there would be no problem. However, if he was investigated and then found that Jiang Hao had let him stay, he might be in trouble.
“You don’t have to worry about that. Lin Zhi can stay as long as he wants. No one will expel him from the sect, ” said Jiang Hao and left the courtyard.
“Master, did you help him?”
Jiang Hao did not answer the beast.
When he visited his master last time, Jiang Hao mentioned Lin Zhi’s situation in passing and asked for his help. Since Jiang Hao had contributed a lot to the branch, his master agreed without any hesitation.
To him, it was not a big deal to let an outer sect disciple stay in the sect.
Jiang Hao hadn’t told anyone about it, not even Lin Zhi. He didn’t want anyone to know that he had involved himself in the matter.
The spirit beast and Xiao Li were examples of what happened when he got too involved. Before, he only thought about guiding them and then releasing them to their own devices. However, now, he was constantly worried about them and wanted to make sure they could protect themselves before he set them free.
If they caused any trouble, it would be traced directly back to him. It was very troublesome.
“How is Chu Chuan doing?” Jiang Hao asked.
“He’s progressing quickly. He now says he wants to surpass Xiao Li,” said the spirit beast.
Jiang Hao realized that he should pay more attention to Xiao Li’s cultivation.
Perhaps Xiao Li would be a good guide for Chu Chuan. The spirit beast was mostly a bad influence on people.
Chu Chuan was not afraid of challenges, and Lin Zhi needed a mentor.
Xiao Li didn’t need to be taught anything for now.
Upon arriving at the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao asked Cheng Chou if he had any difficulties in his cultivation. Cheng Chou was glad that Jiang Hao had asked. He had many questions.
Jiang Hao patiently explained and cleared his doubts. It took the whole morning to finish explaining everything to Cheng Chou.
There was simply too much information. Cheng Chou noted them all down, so he could remember them better.
“In the future, I will explain things to you every one or two months, and you can jot them down in your notebook,” Jiang Hao said.
Cheng Chou was very grateful. He didn’t know how, but he felt that Jiang Hao was even more knowledgeable than the seniors in the Golden Core Realm.
“By the way, how is Xiao Li doing?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Junior Sister Xiao Li is alright now. However, occasionally she is melancholic. I found her sitting alone under a tree last time. I try to sit with her when that happens.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. He wasn’t good at comforting people. He relied on the spirit beast and Cheng Chou for something like that.
“By the way, after Xiao Li breaks through the sixth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm, let her advance once every three months. That way, she can advance to the Foundation Establishment Realm next year.”
Six years to reach the Foundation Establishment Realm was faster than normal but still within the realm of exceptional talent.
At night, Lin Zhi came out of his house and headed to the forest. This was where he often cultivated.
When he arrived, he didn’t immediately start cultivating. Instead, he looked around. “Lord Beast?”
“I’m here.” The beast appeared on a tree behind him. “Do you know that you’re going to be expelled from the sect?”
Lin Zhi nodded sadly. He wanted to advance, but he simply couldn’t.
However, he heard people say that he could stay for another year. He felt that it was useless. He didn’t think he could advance to the next stage even after a year.
But he didn’t want to leave. At the very least, he wanted to become a cultivator and a disciple.
“You don’t need to worry about that anymore. You can stay here as long as you like.”
“Really?” Lin Zhi couldn’t believe it. “But Lin MO and Zhao Qingxue said that I could only stay in the sect for another year!”
“Do you know who you’re talking to right now?” said the spirit beast as it held its head high. “You are still ignorant. In the future, you’ll understand what kind of peerless demon you’re talking to. I am a great demon beast. Are your friends experts? Can they do for you what I have done for you? Have I ever deceived you?”
Lin Zhi shook his head. He believed in the beast. Without the beast guiding him, he would have been in even more trouble.
Moreover, the beast had no reason to deceive him.
“Should I tell my friends about this?” Lin Zhi asked.
“You should learn to observe quietly, endure setbacks, bide your time, and wait for the day when you will make a name for yourself. I’ll help you succeed.”
Jiang Hao, who was observing from a distance, was speechless. The beast was truly shameless. It even declared itself a “peerless demon.”
If the beast somehow disclosed that Jiang Hao had helped him stay in the sect, it would be troublesome. That was the reason Jiang Hao had followed along.
Now he saw that he didn’t need to worry. The beast was busy blowing its own trumpet.
Lin Zhi’s physical condition had indeed improved a lot. The Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique had helped him.
Jiang Hao returned to his courtyard and took out his notebook. After learning the curse, it would be easier to cast it on Bai Ye during the night.
If he could defeat him in one fell swoop, that would be perfect!