Chapter 262: It Turns Out Curses Also Requires Spirit Stones
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
There are two types of curses: range curses and specific curses.
A range curse affected the target’s fortune, ranging from minor inconveniences and obstacles in their actions to catastrophic disasters like lightning strikes. This kind of curse is not easy to perform and carries a significant backlash.
The success rate of such curses was very high.
People curse others at the cost of their own lives and luck.
However, few living people engage in such curses as they lack sufficient luck, and the backlash may be greater than the curse itself.
The art of cursing is powerful but difficult to cast.
On the other hand, specific curses target body parts or specific events. They have a lesser backlash, a lower cost, and a higher success rate.
Cursing was a practice distinct from ordinary spellcasting. It’s difficult to eradicate and has an unusually long-lasting effect.
For example, a simple curse of rotting and decay could make the person rot throughout their life, even when they healed themselves constantly.
However, such simple curses were not considered significant in the cultivation world, and most people had the ability to deal with them.
After skimming through the book, Jiang Hao discovered similarities between curses and the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
“It is no wonder the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl can suppress curses. It itself is a massive curse.”
“But cursing someone is much more complicated than I expected.”
At first, Jiang Hao thought it only required simple materials and a specific incantation to perform a curse.
But it was not that simple.
It required the right timing, a favorable location, a formation, materials, and spiritual stones.
It turned out that curses required many spirit stones. It was important to avoid the backlash.
The more spirit stones used, the lesser the backlash.
Otherwise, one would suffer from unknown side effects.
Most of these curses were harmful to the body.
Jiang Hao hesitated but decided to give the curse a try. If it didn’t work, he would consider other alternatives.
In any case, he couldn’t let Bai Ye become a top disciple.
Jiang Hao pondered whether to curse Bai Ye’s cultivation or his body.
‘First, let’s prepare.’
He needed to wait for the right time to cast the curse, preferably at night when everything was quiet and there was minimal interference.
Next was the orientation. A favorable orientation would increase the success rate. Then, the formation should correspond to the time of birth of the caster.
Jiang Hao observed the courtyard and confirmed the location of the Hundred Bones Forest.
Finally, he began drawing the curse formation. The formation was called the Three-In-One Formation.
It consisted of two parts: placing the cursed object and casting the curse.
There was also a place for the substitute object around the curse formation.
He needed the blood of a beast, its head, spirit herbs, and other materials with abundant spiritual energy.
The book indicated that without these items, success would be difficult.
Jiang Hao had to buy them. In the end, he spent sixty spirit stones on the materials.
Sixty spirit stones wasn’t very expensive. However, he needed to buy materials to cast the curse for seven consecutive days to ensure its success.
The cost of materials would add up.
At night, with everything ready, Jiang Hao was about to curse Bai Ye’s cultivation. He wanted to prevent him from making any progress regarding his cultivation.
He placed the Wishful Mountain Shield in the formation. He didn’t use any spirit stones. Instead, he wanted to endure the backlash.
He already had the Misfortune Pearl with him. The backlash from the curse wouldn’t harm him much.
He wanted to understand the power of curses and prevent others from cursing him.
The curse began, and the formation emitted a faint light.
When the curse was placed, the blood in the formation started to burn. The beast’s head turned to ashes, and the spirit herbs withered.
At this moment, the Wishful Mountain Shield lit up.
Jiang Hao was enveloped in a black mist, and his flesh burned. This was the backlash from the curse.
His Revival of Withered Tree ability activated itself and began to heal him. Jiang Hao was relieved and delighted. He then increased the intensity of the curse.
The light shone brighter. His skin was burning. His skin blackened faster than it could heal.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. If he could withstand the backlash of the curse, then Bai Ye might be able to withstand it too.
If he increased the intensity of the curse to the extent that he couldn’t withstand its effect, then it would be less likely for Bai Ye to resist it too.
Jiang Hao continued to heighten the curse until his body was barely able to
After a while, he stopped.
The Wishful Mountain Shield emitted a dark light. The curse might finally be effective.
After escaping from the curse, Jiang Hao took out the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. The damage to his body ceased immediately.
The Revival of Withered Tree began healing him faster.
By noon, he had completely recovered, but the curse’s backlash was not entirely gone. It was only suppressed.
Jiang Hao felt that the Revival of Withered Tree ability could dissolve the curse. Otherwise, he would have to find another solution.
After that, Jiang Hao left the courtyard and went to the Spiritual Herb Garden. After tending to the spirit herbs and buying the necessary materials, he returned to his courtyard.
In this way, Jiang Hao cursed Bai Ye continuously for a month.
He only stopped because his spirit stones were exhausted.
At this point, Jiang Hao felt the side effects of the curse from head to toe. The Hong Meng Heart Sutra helped suppress it a bit.
However, it wasn’t as effective as the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. When he took out the pearl, the side effects of the curse disappeared.
After that, the Revival of Withered Tree worked continuously to heal and eradicate the remaining effects of the curse’s backlash.
‘If I can use the pearl and the ability to heal myself, why not go all out?’
However, after looking at the materials he had left, he brushed the thought aside.
At least 300 spirit stones were needed for each attempt. If he continued casting the curse, it would take several thousand spirit stones. It was quite expensive for him.
He wondered how many spirit stones it would have cost Gui to curse the dragon.
Jiang Hao sighed and opened his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 25]
[Cultivation: Middle Stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 46/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 44/100 (can be cultivated)] [Divine Abilities: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
‘Twenty-five? Well… it’s already mid-January.’
“There are still about six months until the challenge between Bai Ye and Manlong.”
Jiang Hao felt that his current level of power was not enough. He needed to save some money and try again.
As for the peach tree, he would have to wait another year for its incarnation.
This time, he would need around twenty thousand spirit stones. It was close to impossible to save up that many spirit stones.
Obtaining one more divine ability would not make any difference unless he became stronger.
The ten Foundation Establishment Realm pills he had bought were all fake.. She had cheated him off of spirit stones!