Chapter 263: The Demoness Looked Displeased
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
It was mid-June.
In the Hundred Flowers Lake, a graceful figure sat by a stone table in a pavilion.
She gazed at the flowers.
Rain drizzled from the sky, and the flowers gently swayed as if welcoming the rain.
At this moment, a white figure descended on the pavilion.
“Sect Master,” said Baizhi in greeting.
“Speak.” Hong Yuye didn’t turn around.
“The people from the Divine Corpse Sect have arrived in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture and have made contact with us,” Baizhi reported.
“Are they here to save someone?” Hong Yuye asked as she picked up her teacup.
“No. They say they’ve come for the Corpse Realm Flowers,” said Baizhi. “They said that when the Corpse Realm Flower blooms, approximately forty-eight people can enter the open realm. They want to occupy twenty-four spots inside. As for the price, they’re willing to negotiate freely with us. They also made it clear that they aren’t our enemies. They said they wouldn’t seize the flowers by force. They apologize for Zhuang Yuzhen’s mistake, and they are willing to shoulder some of the responsibility. As for releasing the captives, that’s up to us.”
“Are they trustworthy?” Hong Yuye as she sipped her tea.
“It seems likely. However, we need to be cautious. Their sect’s strength far surpasses ours. If a war breaks out, both sides will suffer heavy losses. Before coming here, they also visited the Blackheaven Sect, the Sunset Immortal Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, and Azure Mountain. They haven’t visited any demonic sects,” said Baizhi. “There’s a possibility that they want to unite the people in the vicinity to deal with us. Or they might just use it as a threat to force us to agree to their proposal.”
With a major sect like the Divine Corpse Sect leading the way, the others might be tempted to follow. After all, they had all suffered at the hands of the Heavenly Note Sect.
Azure Mountain was especially eager to fight against the Heavenly Note Sect because they had suffered a heavy blow.
However, sects like the Blackheaven Sect have their own matters to attend to. They might not have enough troops to spare.
Otherwise, they would have already joined forces to attack and subdue the Heavenly Note Sect.
“If the Divine Corpse Sect wants to come here, then let them come. Keep an eye on them, and if there’s any unusual activity, detain them all,” Hong Yuye said calmly.
“Yes.” Baizhi nodded. She felt that as long as the Sect Master was here, the Heavenly Note Sect would never fall.
“Is there anything else?” Hong Yuye asked.
“Zhuang Yuzhen has been acting crazy. Jiang Hao may have found some leverage over him. Perhaps it’s the people behind Jiang Hao who are helping him.”
With regard to Zhuang Yuzhen, Jiang Hao needed to visit him in person to uncover more information. Besides him, Zhuang Yuzhen never talked to anyone else.
“Jiang Hao hasn’t visited the prisoner in so long. I can only suspect that he is afraid to go. Perhaps he has no more leverage against him. So, we have no choice but to keep him hanging. He had some connection with the Divine Corpse Sect. I suspect a clone from the Divine Corpse Sect approached Jiang Hao. The Divine Corpse was killed. The Law Enforcement Hall is trying to investigate the matter, but it’s proving difficult. Jiang Hao also had some conflicts with a highly talented disciple. We still have no information about the person we suspect is behind Jiang Hao. We can only wait for something to happen and then continue the investigation.”
Baizhi hadn’t pursued the matter further. There was no need. As long as they monitored the Corpse Realm Flowers, everything should be okay.
After all, their goal had always been to lure out traitors.
“There’s information that someone from Azure Mountain contacted people from overseas, but… it’s still not clear. It’ll take some time to investigate,” said Baizhi.
“Based on recent information, it seems that a group of people has entered the southern region, possibly for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. It might mean that the Misfortune Pearl is no longer in the Devil’s Den.”
“Don’t worry. Just assume that the pearl is still in Devil’s Den and do your own thing,” said Hong Yuye.
Baizhi realized that the Sect Master had it all under control. She just needed to follow the instructions.
“Let the people from the Divine Corpse Sect send their information about the
Corpse Realm Flower. Allow two disciples from each branch to enter,” said
Hong Yuye.
Baizhi nodded. She needed to make some arrangements.
Cliff of Broken Hearts.
In the courtyard, Jiang Hao stopped his curse.
For half a year, he earned spirit stones for a month and cursed Bai Ye.
His body was suffering severe side effects. If it weren’t for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, the impact of the curse would have been dangerous.
He didn’t believe that Bai Ye was unharmed at this point.
He had also accumulated a large amount of cultivation.
[Vital Energy: 83/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 82/100 (Can be cultivated)]
In the next three months, he would be able to reach the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
During this period, everything was quiet. Bai Ye was busy with his preparations. The Pavilion Master of the heavenly Joy Pavilion had already snatched his resources away, so he could only imagine they were satisfied for now.
The people from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion were probably still waiting for the right opportunity to attack him.
The disciples from the Sunset Immortal Sect couldn’t enter the Heavenly Note Sect.
The people from the Heavenly Saint Sect seemed to have disappeared.
Even Ming Yi hadn’t come to see him for a long time.
The only troublesome thing was the outer sect’s spirit herb garden. Recently, Ning Xuan visited the garden and told him not to be the last one to come up with a solution. Jiang Hao was worried.
Fortunately, there was still plenty of time. For now, he wanted to devote his full focus on Bai Ye.
‘Next month is the day of the challenge. By then, I’ll know how effective the curse is.’ Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief.
He needed to continue earning more spirit stones.
In the past six months, he hadn’t seen Leng Tian or Dan Yuan. He was only able to sell some talismans.
If a major battle occurred, the talismans would sell quickly.
He wanted to find out how Bai Ye was after he cast the curse, so he often went to find Liu Xingchen to find out more.
Unfortunately, Liu Xingchen was busy and wasn’t able to meet him.
It seemed any remnant soul that was in the mines was terrified of Liu Xingchen. The remnant of the dragon and the sorcerer were still waiting to band together with another soul and attack Liu Xingchen.
In the evening, the spirit beast approached him.
“Master, I’m going to find Lin Zhi. I feel that he has made great progress lately. He can now avoid being hit in his vital points,” said the beast.
The spirit beast had practically raised Lin Zhi and Chu Chuan alone. They were young when they arrived at the sect. Three years had passed, and the spirit beast had constantly been by their side.
Jiang Hao nodded and let it go. He decided to go and observe them. He had to make sure the spirit beast wasn’t being a bad influence on them.
Just as he walked into the courtyard, he saw a figure in red.
She frowned when she saw Jiang Hao, and a dangerous aura swept over him..