Chapter 264: You Only Care About Me When It Comes To Bathing
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation          Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao knew he was in trouble.
However, he didn’t know what he had done to offend her. She attacked him as soon as they met.
Hong Yuye stood in the courtyard. Her aura was terrifying.
“You seem to enjoy these… unlucky things,” she said as her cold gaze fixed on him.
‘Unlucky?’
Jiang Hao understood that she was referring to the curse on his body. Hong Yuye didn’t like unlucky magic. Whether it was the ancient tomb or the heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, she had made it clear that she disliked such ominous things.
“Senior…”
Jiang Hao wanted to explain, but the terrifying aura had already surged forward.
With a loud bang, he was sent flying backward.
Jiang Hao thought he would crash into a wall, but there was nothing behind him. He went flying and landed in the river instead.
He wanted to get out of the river, but he couldn’t move his body. The river water washed over him. He was never afraid of drowning, but he was suffocating right now.
After a short while, he regained control of his body. He struggled out of the river and lay on the ground.
He let out a heavy sigh of relief. He then used his magic to dry his clothes.
When he headed to the courtyard, he realized that he felt much lighter than before. He was surprised to find that all the curses and side effects had disappeared from his body.
“Thank you, Senior!”
Hong Yuye was sitting under the tree in the courtyard.
“Thanking me, huh?” Hong Yuye smiled. “Should I take your arm or your leg in exchange? Or should I put it on your tab?”
Jiang Hao was speechless. It’s better not to respond. He felt that she might attack him.
“If I see such an unlucky thing next time, would you be willing to give up your arm or your leg?” asked Hong Yuye.
“This was just an accident,” Jiang Hao explained.
Hong Yuye chuckled. She sat on the wooden chair and told Jiang Hao to prepare some tea.
After a while, Jiang Hao placed the tea in front of Hong Yuye and then sat down to talk about the previous gathering.
He started with the discussion they had had about cultivation at the gathering. Then he talked about the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl and the Seven-Stars Technique invented by Dan Yuan.
He then handed his book to Hong Yuye.
He had already appraised the book but found nothing amiss.
After a while, Hong Yuye finished reading the book about the Seven-Stars Technique.
“If he created this, he does seem to be powerful. However, it will have no effect on the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl after it erupts. It could seal the pearl in its current state for a few hours, but that’s about it.”
Jiang Hao nodded. Compared to the Universe in a Palm Technique, the Seven-Stars Sealing Technique fell short by a lot. However, sealing it for a few hours would be enough for the other cultivators to reach him.
“Go on,” Hong Yuye said, lifting her teacup.
“Dan Yuan gave me detailed information on why the Great Thousand God Sect was in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture.” Jiang Hao explained it to her in detail.
Hong Yuye glanced at the paper on the table and listened as Jiang Hao recounted the information.
“The end of all things?” she asked.
“Yes. But I don’t know who or what it means. I’ve asked the other members of the gathering to investigate it further,” Jiang Hao said.
“Oh?” Hong Yuye sounded intrigued. “You seem to have a talent for undercover work.”
“It’s all thanks to your blessings, Senior,” Jiang Hao said humbly.
“Go on,” Hong Yuye said.
Then he talked about the Shifting Stars Technique and Dan Yuan’s explanation of it.
Hong Yuye remained silent.
Jiang Hao continued with his report of the changes overseas and the purpose of the Divine Corpse Sect in the southern region.
Hong Yuye listened calmly.
Jiang Hao felt a bit regretful. There were so many things he knew but couldn’t mention at the gathering. However, that wasn’t necessary right now.
“Have their identities been confirmed?” Hong Yuye asked.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
He hadn’t been able to confirm anyone’s identity at the gathering yet.
He didn’t even know for sure if Dan Yuan had contacted Zhuang Yuzhen personally.
Right now, Jiang Hao had the Corpse Heart as leverage. Perhaps that would make the captive more willing to talk.
Jiang Hao didn’t want to reveal the Corpse Heart just yet. When people didn’t have much hope left, they sometimes resorted to extremes.
To lure prey into a trap, they needed to be shown the hope of escape.
“You just mentioned that the Bright Moon Sect has started sending invitations?” Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao. “Aren’t you going to go there to take a look?”
Jiang Hao shook his head.
He had no intention of going there. It was too dangerous.
“Do you really want to stay in the Heavenly Note Sect forever?” Hong Yuye asked.
“I can take care of your flower here, Senior.”
“You can take my flower and tree along,” she said.
Jiang Hao was at a loss for words. He couldn’t tell her that he was afraid to go.
The Heavenly Note Sect was smaller than the Bright Moon Sect. There were so many people who coveted the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. If they attacked him, he couldn’t protect himself or the flower.
It was better to stav where he was.
He could stay here and cultivate beside the flower. Since the flower was important to the sect, he got some sort of protection for taking care of it too.
Elder Baizhi was always there to help if something happened.
If he went to the Bright Moon Sect, he would be hypervigilant and concerned about his well-being and the flower.
He would be safer if he didn’t take the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower with him, but that would mean Hong Yuye would be angry at him. He wasn’t safe from her anywhere.
He had never visited another sect outside the Heavenly Note Sect before.
Hong Yuye didn’t say anything more. She finished drinking her tea and walked inside the house.
Once in the hall, she went to the bathroom. She saw the new bathtub. “It seems you’re quite competent at getting things done.” She turned to look at him.
“You flatter me, Senior,” Jiang Hao said.
“It’s a pity you only care about me when it comes to bathing, and you’re full of lies and your benefits are all based on luck,” Hong Yuye said with an ambiguous smile.
Jiang Hao was momentarily speechless..