Chapter 265: I Suspect Someone From The Cliff Of Broken Hearts Cursed Me
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao didn’t think Hong Yuye was entirely right about that.
Although he had relied on his luck in the beginning, he had worked hard to get where he was. The undercover work was also difficult.
If he hadn’t encountered that dragon in the village, he wouldn’t have been able to establish his footing in the gathering.
He also had to handle the troubles within the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao didn’t explain all this.
“Senior, you jest,” he said.
Hong Yuye left the bathroom and went to the balcony on the second floor.
“How long have you been carrying the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl?” she asked.
Jiang Hao thought for a moment. “Two years.”
“Then it should be soon…” Hong Yuye stood on the balcony, her clothes fluttering in the wind. She turned and looked at Jiang Hao.
“During this time, it’s best if you don’t leave the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl elsewhere. Don’t lose it. If someone finds it and uses it, you’ll also suffer the backlash.”
Her figure faded away.
“By the way… You can try to spread rumors of the pearl being within the Heavenly Note Sect. That way, the people who are targeting you will flee the sect overnight.”
“Wouldn’t that attract the people who seek the pearl?”
Those who targeted him were at most in the Golden Core realm, with some in the Primordial Spirit Realm. However, those seeking the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl would be beyond those cultivation realms.
He simply didn’t have time. He needed to get stronger. He decided to ignore Hong Yuye’s suggestion.
“Remember to take care of my flower. If you escape to another place without taking my flower and tree with you, you will bear the consequences.” With that, Hong Yuye disappeared completely.
Jiang Hao felt a gentle breeze and a faint fragrance as she faded away.
He always recognized her fragrance. Jiang Hao didn’t know if the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison made him more perceptive of her.
He checked his body again and found out that the curse’s backlash had disappeared.
“Such a simple move removed all the backlash… I don’t think I’ll be able to endure the backlash if I try to curse an expert…”
Cursing techniques were powerful, but the backlash was too severe. Once affected by the curse, it was very difficult to remove it.
As Hong Yuye had warned him, using it often wouldn’t be good.
‘Using it once or twice should be fine. The Revival of Withered Tree can easily dispel the backlash, after all.’
He had used the curse too many times. Even with the Revival of Withered Tree ability, it would have taken him a year or more to get rid of the side effects.
If it weren’t for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, it might have taken him even longer. He wouldn’t have been able to cultivate.
As someone in the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, he couldn’t bear to carry on such curses.
It would be even more difficult for Bai Ye to get rid of it. He would probably lose to Manlong.
As for the rest, he would have to wait and see.
At the Hundred Bones Forest, a man coughed up blood and doubled over.
He was sitting among numerous spirit herbs at the moment. There were numerous arrays, talismans, and treasures surrounding him. However, each one was shrouded in black energy and turned out to be useless.
His cultivation was on the verge of collapse.
“Senior Brother, are you alright?” Lian Qin asked.
“I’m fine. Just small damage to my cultivation, nothing more,” said the man as he raised his hand to stop her.
“Who could be cursing you in this manner, Senior Brother?” Lian Qin was astonished.
At first, they thought it was just a single curse that could be countered with treasure. However, the curse became overwhelming.
It was affecting his preparations for the upcoming challenge. Even maintaining his cultivation took enormous effort.
They had tried purchasing various purification treasures for the curse, but they only provided temporary relief.
It seemed that the one who was casting the curse was determined to go all out.
“Is it because you challenged Manlong to a fight?” asked Lian Qin. “Did Manlong do this to maintain his title so that you couldn’t win?
“Don’t assume things without proof. It can’t be Manlong,” said Bai Ye. “Have I provoked anyone lately?”
“Where has the Hundred Bones Forest delivered spirit herbs?” he asked.
“The Cliff of Broken Hearts, the Candlelight Pavilion, the Flowing Waterfall. “The ones who accepted the spirit herbs… are they still in the sect?”
“The people from the Flowing Waterfall are currently away. The two from
Candlelight Pill Pavilion are still refining pills. The one from the Cliff of Broken
Hearts is here in the sect. Do you suspect anyone?”
“I think the one from the Cliff of Broken Hearts is the most suspicious. He is in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm, but my techniques have no effect on him. He has always found solutions to unravel my techniques. He isn’t my match, but I do think he will stop at nothing to get back at me.” Lian Qin was puzzled. “How can you be so sure he is behind this?”
Bai Ye shook his head slightly. “Just a hunch.”
“What do we do?” Lian Qin asked in concern.
“Don’t worry about him for now. I have to become one of the top ten disciples first. It will be difficult, but I still have to give it a try. As for the curse, I have a pill that can temporarily suppress it and stabilize my cultivation. After the challenge is over, I’ll pay a visit to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. I want to confirm if he’s really behind this.”
“Doesn’t that pill have significant side effects?” Lian Qin asked.
“There is a possibility of falling back to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, but this is necessary. The curse continues to torment me, and it will make me fall back to the middle stage eventually. If I succeed, the curse won’t be a problem anymore.”
One month later, around mid-July, Jiang Hao used the Seven-Stars Sealing Technique on the spirit beast in the courtyard.
The spirit beast was unable to escape from the circle, no matter how much it tried. The stars on the seal could even be used for attacks. This sealing technique was indeed impressive.
Unlike the Universe in a Palm, the Seven-Stars Sealing Technique could be set up while in combat. The seven stars connected to form the seal.
It was very practical. Dan Yuan was truly gifted.
“Senior Brother Jiang, are you free? I need to talk to you,” said Han Ming.
Jiang Hao was surprised. Today was the day Bai Ye and Manlong would challenge each other. Everyone was eager to watch them.
He was also planning to head there. He hadn’t expected Han Ming to visit him today..