Chapter 267: Unexpected Outcome
In front of Manlong, Jiang Hao felt that Bai Ye had no chance of winning.
But there were numerous plants and spirit herbs in the surroundings. It meant that Manlong had unknowingly entered Bai Ye’s domain.
“Junior Brother Jiang, who do you think will win?” Liu Xingchen asked. “I feel like Senior Brother Manlong will win. But I remember you saying Bai Ye had a chance.”
“Yes. It is said that Bai Ye knows how to use his home ground to his advantage. The seniors didn’t find anything wrong after inspecting the grounds, but I feel that Manlong is at a disadvantage here,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Are only seniors allowed to inspect the location?” asked Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen nodded. “If Bai Ye somehow managed to deceive his seniors, it means he is powerful.”
Jiang Hao remained silent. He wanted to see the true strength of a top disciple.
“Can we start now?” Manlong smiled.
Jiang Hao frowned. He could feel that Manlong was full of power and vitality. If he were to erupt instantly, Bai Ye would theoretically be unable to stop him.
“Of course, Senior Brother,” said Bai Ye politely.
Please, senior brother.” Bai Ye said gently.
In terms of strength, Jiang Hao could clearly see that the two were not in the same league.
“Alright!” said Manlong.
Then he roared, unleashing a powerful force that swept the land like a hurricane.
In an instant, sand and rocks flew up, and his power converged.
Whoosh!
He disappeared from his position.
He suddenly appeared in front of Bai Ye and threw a punch.
The tremendous force caused a small whirlwind in the vicinity.
If that punch landed, the fight would surely come to an end.
However, Bai Ye drew an array, and numerous spirit herbs surged up from the ground and blocked Manlong.
Boom!
His fist collided with the plants and shattered them.
However, there was no trace of Bai Ye behind the spirit herbs. He had retreated somewhere into the numerous growths of spirit herbs.
“It’s useless. These things can’t stop me! Junior Brother Bai Ye, you better try something else. You aren’t as fast as me.”
Manlong’s aura erupted. His power was even more ferocious and overwhelming than before.
His fist was still aimed at Bai Ye, but when he was about to strike, his spiritual energy suddenly plummeted.
Bai Ye launched a counterattack. Vines surged from the ground. They resembled sharp blades as they attacked Manlong.
Boom!
Manlong was forced to retreat. He looked at the vines and frowned. His spiritual energy then condensed into a gigantic beast.
“Bai Ye, I don’t believe you can last until the poison in my body takes effect.” The power surged wildly, and the ground cracked. The vines shattered, and the herbs crumbled.
The wide-range attack seemed to eliminate all threats in the vicinity.
At this moment, Bai Ye advanced. He held a longsword and his figure flickered. He was so fast that he appeared to be a blur. Jiang Hao was surprised.
Clang!
The sword clashed with the fierce beast. The sword went flying, and the beast began to expand and shatter.
Manlong furrowed his brow, realizing that he couldn’t fully control his spiritual energy.
At this moment, he gave up on the fierce beast and charged straight toward Bai
“If I catch you, it’s over!”
Manlong coughed up blood. However, it didn’t slow him down.
Bai Ye remained calm and stood his ground.
When Manlong reached out to grab him, it was clear that he should have caught him. However, something strange happened.
“Illusionary Technique,” Jiang Hao said.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you have great insight. Indeed, it is an illusion technique. Manlong has entered the illusion state. I didn’t notice when he entered.” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao felt the danger. Manlong’s strength was too formidable. Every time he saw him make a move, he instinctively wanted to use the Mountain Suppression Technique to resist.
He wasn’t a match at all. It was no wonder Manlong had made it to the top ten. He was terrifying.
As for Bai Ye, his strength was indeed far inferior to Manlong, but he possessed the Sealing Spirit Technique, Illusory Technique, Poisonous Technique, and even the Cursing Technique.
During these past six months, he might not have had time to cultivate, but he had time to learn the Cursing Technique. And he had applied it skillfully.
Although the effect might not be very strong, when used properly, it could indeed yield unexpected results.
Jiang Hao felt somewhat worried about Manlong.
The poison, curse, sealing, illusion—various techniques had been applied to him. Dragging the fight out would not be beneficial for him.
Boom!
The power on the field roared as Bai Ye dodged and launched attacks of his own.
Although Manlong had destroyed almost all the spirit herbs, he couldn’t alleviate the damage to his own body.
There must be something else in the surroundings.
Bai Ye wouldn’t foolishly rely on the spirit herbs in the field as his trump card.
However, Manlong’s power was not to be underestimated. Even though he was poisoned, he could still overpower Bai Ye. The only thing lacking was an opening.
If Bai Ye made one mistake, he would be defeated.
But he never made a mistake. Everything seemed to be under his control.
The fight was so intense that it destroyed the surrounding plants and cracked the ground.
Bai Ye was also injured. All of his attacks were forced. At this moment, his body was surrounded by numerous techniques. Although his spiritual energy had collapsed, he was still going all out.
“It feels like they’re reaching their limits,” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao nodded. Indeed, they were reaching their limits. Both of them were in bad condition.
Manlong endured the techniques, and Bai Ye was exhausted.
At this moment, Manlong’s body seemed to be burning as he prepared for his final attack.
Bai Ye stood his ground, and a formation appeared around him. Immediately, countless spirit herbs gathered there.
It seemed that the more spiritual items there were, the stronger his formation became.
This astonished everyone.
“What a powerful formation! If there were divine items all around, his power would increase rapidly,” Jiang Hao said in awe.
However, he still favored Manlong. Bai Ye’s current situation would lead to his defeat.
In the next moment, the attacks began.
Neither side wanted to hold back. Powerful forces started to rampage the arena.
In the blink of an eye, the forces collided.
Boom!
Sand and stones surged around them.
The formation gradually disintegrated under Manlong’s fist. If this went on, it would be over for Bai Ye.
Jiang Hao stared fixedly at Manlong, observing his power circulation, aura expansion, and spiritual energy.
He could hold on for a while longer.
Meanwhile, the source of power in Bai Ye’s formation was severed, and his own power was trying hard to suppress the curse.
He might not be able to withstand it much longer.
Manlong’s aura suddenly deteriorated. Then he coughed out blood.
His power started to crumble. The formation attacked Manlong and injured him severely.
With a bang, Manlong was sent flying backward. He crashed heavily onto the ground. He didn’t rise again.
Jiang Hao was stunned. He couldn’t believe it!
Manlong had interrupted his attack himself. He had somehow held back. Jiang Hao had never expected something like this to happen..