Chapter 269: You Can Call Me Senior
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the valley, Bai Ye lay on the ground, unable to control the curse on his body. His cultivation was on the verge of collapse.
Suddenly, a magic treasure flew over him and transformed into a beam of light that enveloped his body.
“You failed, didn’t you?” said Ye Yaqing. “I told you it isn’t that easy to become a top disciple.”
A young girl walked over to him. She was the fifth top disciple, Ye Yaqing.
“I was the one who was supposed to test you. I didn’t want people to think I was biased, so I asked Wei Si to do it in my place. She was very polite about it.” Ye Yaqing helped Bai Ye up. “I’ll take you to the Forest Master to get treated.”
“Thank you, Senior Sister, but I’m fine. If I have failed, I can accept it. However, I do want to verify something,” said Bai Ye.
“What is it?” Ye Yaqing was curious.
“It’s personal.” Bai Ye’s voice was calm. Failure hadn’t fazed him one bit.
However, he was curious to confirm whether the person who had cursed him was the one he suspected from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
“Whatever you want to do will have to wait until your injuries are healed,” said Ye Yaqing.
Bai Ye nodded. She was right. He couldn’t even move right now. In another month or two, his injuries would be healed.
If he was lucky, his cultivation would be intact. If not, he would have to put in more effort to cultivate and advance to the next stage.
The challenger, Bai Ye, had failed.
Not only had he been rejected for the title of the tenth top disciple, but the original tenth top disciple had also been stripped of his title.
Since Manlong was out of the picture now, many wanted to try for the seat of the tenth top disciple.
If they could somehow manage to make it, they would have ten or fifteen years of peace because Manlong wouldn’t be allowed to fight them until his ban was over.
No one had dared to fight a top disciple because they were always scared of Manlong. However, seeing Bai Ye win gave them new hope.
Jiang Hao also felt that he had a chance. If the top ten disciples could be bribed, they lacked something too.
However, things like that could backfire. Bai Ye had still failed, and Manlong had been punished.
“I remember that in the last battle among the disciples of the same realm, you were the winner, right?” Liu Xingchen asked.
“At that time, only two people were sent from each branch,” said Jiang Hao.
He had indeed won the last time. He could win again.
However, Jiang Hao needed to find a reason to make everyone believe that he had advanced to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Otherwise, winning a fight in the late stage would seem unbelievable to many.
“Where are you going next, Senior Brother Liu?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I should be on a mission.” Liu Xingchen smiled. “It’s been almost six years since you killed Junior Sister Yun Ruo, right?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“After so many years, the number of people targeting you has decreased. However, that powerful person from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion still remembers you. The vessel was harder to find than expected, and there was still no accurate result,” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao had encountered that person when he was heading to the Lawless Tower. Just one glance, and he felt the massive aura that had almost suffocated him.
His resources for the next three years had been confiscated to please that person. If he caused no trouble in these three years, he might not be targeted anymore.
It was good that he hadn’t left the sect.
After chatting for a while longer. Tiang Hao decided to go back to his house.
However, before heading back, he appraised Liu Xingchen.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon. He found a Blood Demon in the mines. It is currently trying to possess him. The remnant soul of the True Dragon and the sorcerer are opening a path for the Blood Demon to prepare against the enemy. He has been looking forward to this but is a little disappointed that the progress has been slow. The reason he is on good terms with you is to get close to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower to watch it carefully. He is waiting for you to cause more trouble. His interest in you has grown.]
Jiang Hao was speechless.
He bid farewell to Liu Xingchen and left. This time, it was a Blood Demon!
The remnant of a True Dragon, a sorcerer, and now a demon!
They were mighty creatures. However, the two previous entities hadn’t had any luck against Liu Xingchen. Perhaps the demon was the same.
Liu Xingchen would probably devour all three together and advance to the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm in one go!
How was he not worried about such a dangerous possession?
Jiang Hao felt that if it were him, he would do everything in his power to get rid of the remnant souls to ensure his own safety.
Jiang Hao was curious about what Liu Xingchen’s level would be if he was in the Clear Sky School. They were the strongest immortal sect. They probably had very gifted disciples.
When he returned to the Spirit Herb Garden, he found some bubbles.
[Strength +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Spirit Sword +1]
As the bubble fused with him, he felt his spirit and strength improve.
He saw Miao Tinglian ushering two people into the garden. It was a man and a woman. They were dressed entirely in black robes, and their aura was formidable.
The bald man was in the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, while the woman was in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Their auras were similar to the aura of Zhuang Yuzhen’s Corpse Heart.
‘People from the Divine Corpse Sect?’
Jiang Hao suddenly remembered Liu Xingchen’s words. The people of the Divine Corpse Sect wanted to cooperate with the Heavenly Note Sect because they wanted to take back the Corpse Realm Flowers.
It seemed that the information was correct.
Although they were in the Primordial Spirit Realm, they only showed their cultivation at the Golden Core Realm at this moment.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you’re here!” Miao Tinglian walked over to him with the two people. “These two are disciples from a sect of the north. They wanted to see our garden and the Corpse Realm Flower. The seniors aren’t free, so the master told me to lead them to you. I still have so many people waiting for me to ask about the Corpse Realm Flower, so I’ll have to excuse myself.” Miao Tinglian left after that.
Jiang Hao was momentarily stunned. He was only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm as far as anyone knew, so why was he assigned the duty to escort these people who were both at the Primordial Spirit Realm?
“Greetings, seniors!” Jiang Hao said. “I’m Jiang Hao. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.”
“Junior Brother, we don’t have to go through formalities. We can just address each other casually. I’m Gu Cheng, and this is my Junior Sister Fang Jin,” said the bald man.
“Of course. Then, with your permission, I’ll address you as Disciple Gu and Disciple Fang,” said Jiang Hao.
“A Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator in charge of a Spirit Herb
Garden? Do you know a lot about spirit herbs?” asked Fang Jin indifferently.
“A little,” Jiang Hao said.
After that, Jiang Hao led them on a tour of the garden. He showed them a bit of everything.
Along the way, Jiang Hao stole occasional glances at them. As expected, both of them looked around in disdain. Perhaps they found this place no better than a rural wasteland.
“That’s it?” Fang Jin asked.
Jiang Hao chuckled. “I’m afraid so, fellow disciple.” “I changed my mind. You can call me Senior..”