Chapter 270: Be Careful In Your Next Life, Senior Sister. The Road At Night Is Not Safe
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was taken aback by her words. It seemed that they really looked down on the Heavenly Note Sect.
To them, the heavenly Note Sect was just a tiny sect in the south that wasn’t worth their attention.
Jiang Hao calmly accepted their attitude.
“Nonsense!” said Gu Cheng angrily. “Fellow Disciple Jiang is the one in charge of this Spirit Herb Garden. Although his cultivation might be lower than ours, that doesn’t mean anything! Don’t you understand we have to play ball when in other people’s court, Junior Sister Fang?”
Then, he smiled at Jiang Hao. “Please forgive us, Disciple Jiang. My junior sister doesn’t get out much, so she can be a little bit ignorant.”
Jiang Hao shook his head. “That’s alright. It is my fault for not being hospitable.”
“If there is nothing else, can we go see the Corpse Realm Flower now?” asked Fang Jin. “Lead the way.”
Jiang Hao nodded and led them away. “Please follow me. It’s just a little further.”
After a while, Jiang Hao led them to the Corpse Realm Flower.
There was no one guarding the place. The only person who was supposed to be there was busy with other matters.
As he got closer, Jiang Hao felt his lifeblood and spiritual energy fluctuate. At this moment, a dark red color seemed to fall on the petals.
“You’re just going to leave the Corpse Realm Flower here like this?” Fang Jin looked at Jiang Hao. “Do you know how to do things properly or not?”
“I’m sorry. I’m not in charge of the Corpse Realm Flowers,” he said.
Fang Jin seemed to imply that the flowers belonged to them and the Heavenly Note Sect had done a very bad job of looking after them.
To them, the Heavenly Note Sect was just a tiny, insignificant sect. The larger northern sects were indeed arrogant.
The Blackheaven Sect, the Sunset immortal Sect, and the Wind Lightning Sect didn’t have the confidence to offend the Heavenly Note Sect.
Back then, even if they came to ask for him, he would only be outside the sect and not a disciple.
“Right now, the Corpse Realm Flower is lacking some blood,” said Gu Cheng in explanation.
“Fresh blood?” Jiang Hao asked. “I’ll get someone to immediately prepare some beast blood.”
“Beast blood?” Fang Jin said. “Human blood is the best. Even better if it’s the blood of a cultivator.”
Jiang Hao frowned. “I will have to consult with the seniors on that one.”
“Just use a bit of yours. What is there to consult about? You won’t die. Feed it blood once a day every fourteen days. At most, your lifeblood will lower a little and affect your cultivation. It might make it difficult for you to advance for a year, at most.”
“You’ve done a great service by finding the method to make the flowers bloom. However, it does require blood,” said Fan Jin. “If you’re scared, I can get your master to agree to it. It has to be you.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. “In that case, I’ll do it willingly. However, I still need to ask for permission.”
“Well… we’ll be free tomorrow anyway. We can teach you the method to do it,” said Fang Jin coldly.
G Cheng had been silent all this while. “Enough!” he said angrily. “Junior Sister Fang, this is the heavenly Note Sect. This isn’t our sect. Be careful with your words.”
After that, the two of them observed the flower for a while and left. They told him that they would visit tomorrow.
They seemed to assume that Jiang Hao would be present to receive them tomorrow. He nodded.
After that, he tended to the spirit herbs in the garden and returned to his courtyard.
That night, Fang Jin went her separate way and observed the Heavenly Note Sect alone.
In her eyes, the Heavenly Sound Sect was just a small and remote sect. What was there to be so careful about?
Not only the teachers but also the disciples were all surprisingly weak. That was enough to show her how weak the sect actually was.
There was nothing to worry about. There was no need to cooperate with such a sect at all. They could just take back the Corpse Realm Flowers!
Suddenly, there was a whoosh. Fang Jin’s treasure lit up and protected her.
Bang!
She blocked a spear that had stabbed at her.
“What are you…”
Before she could finish her words, she saw a purple blade flash past her.
She felt her defenses shatter, and the magic treasure on her body disintegrated. Her mind went blank. Her consciousness seemed to have slipped out of her body. She saw her body on the ground, trying to turn around.
Fang Jin found it hard to believe. She saw someone standing behind her.
He held a long silver-white saber in his hand. It looked sharp enough to cut throught anything in the world.
When she saw his face, she was stunned.
‘The disciple in the Foundation Establishment Realm we met during the day…’
“Senior, what a coincidence! We meet again.”
Jiang Hao raised the Primordial Heavenly Blade. He used the second form of the Heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
“If you kill me, you will offend the whole—”
Before she finished speaking, the saber slashed down and suppressed her.
“Be careful in your next life, Senior Sister. The road at night is not safe.” Boom!
Fang Jin’s body shattered. This was her main body! Even if she had a clone, it was difficult to revive her fully. It was only possible to resurrect her through the Corpse Heart.
The Corpse Heart was only possessed by the disciples at the peak of each realm.
Jiang Hao looked at her storage treasure. He hesitated, then decided to leave it.
He had killed a disciple from a large sect. If he took anything from that storage treasure, he might be tracked.
It would be risky if the people from the Divine Corpse Sect targeted him.
Jiang Hao disappeared into the night.
After returning to his residence, he began to make talismans. He needed to earn spirit stones.
The next day, as the sun rose, Jiang Hao collected the bubbles in his courtyard. He then walked out of there.
He heard a commotion and an angry voice. “Investigate this at once! Find out the truth at all costs!”
Jiang Hao was baffled. Did the death of someone from the Divine Corpse Sect have such an impact on the sect?
He wondered if they would use the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror in this case. If they did, Jiang Hao wouldn’t be able to deceive it. It was a divine item, after all.
Jiang Hao was worried. However, it was strange. When someone from other sects was killed here, the Law Enforcement Hall didn’t care so much. This time, they were investigating early in the morning.
Jiang Hao looked around and didn’t find anyone from the Law Enforcement Hall.
He had often been investigated by the Law Enforcement Hall, so he knew their procedure. Something seemed wrong.
He dared not to act hastily. Perhaps they were using the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror right now!
Killing an important person in the sect had a huge impact. It was no wonder even the Pavilion Master was reluctant to go after Jiang Hao publicly.
He arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden.
After Jiang Hao finished tending to the spirit herbs, he walked around and inspected them.
The beast, Cheng Chou, and Xiao Li walked toward him while having an intense conversation.
“The Divine Corpse Sect insulted our garden recently. Don’t bump into them. Keep a low profile,” said Cheng Chou.
“Beast, do you have any friends in the Divine Corpse Sect?” asked Xiao Li. “Master, you have to work hard!” said the beast when it saw Jiang Hao
“What? What does that have to do with Senior Brother Jiang?” asked Xiao Li.
Jiang Hao ignored them
It was already noon, but no one from the Law Enforcement Hall came looking for him. The people of the Divine Corpse Sect didn’t visit to see the Corpse Realm Flower, either.
On the third day, Liu Xingchen visited him..