Chapter 271: Have The Guts To Fight Head-On
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
‘Finally!’
Jiang Hao had a feeling that the efficiency of the Law Enforcement Hall had decreased these days. Otherwise, why would Liu Xingchen take three days to come to visit him regarding the case?
“Junior Brother Jiang, we meet again. This time I’ve come to find you for official business,” Liu Xingchen said. He seemed to have been waiting for a long time in front of the courtyard gate.
“What is it?”
There was a strong presence of spiritual energy around Liu Xingchen, much stronger than before. It seemed that the Blood Demon was about to complete its final possession.
In other words, Liu Xingchen would soon advance to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Jiang Hao felt a sense of urgency. The feeling of someone else catching up to his cultivation realm wasn’t pleasant. In about a month, he would advance to the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“Do you not know, Junior Brother Jiang?” he asked. “Oh right… The information hasn’t spread yet. Most people are unaware of it. It’s not good news.” “What is it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Have you had contact with the disciples of the Divine Corpse Sect?” Liu Xingchen asked.
“I have.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“How was it?” Liu Xingchen asked.
“Well… the sect seems like a really major sect in the north,” said Jiang Hao.
Liu Xingchen smiled. “But… they look down on us, don’t they?”
Jiang Hao nodded.
“Who was it? Do you still remember, Junior Brother Jiang?” Liu Xingchen asked. “The man was called Gu Cheng, and the woman was Fang Jin.”
Liu Xingchen smiled. “That’s the reason I’ve come to find you. Fang Jin was killed on the night she had contact with you.”
“Killed?” Jiang Hao pretended to be shocked.
“Can we talk inside?” Liu Xingchen pointed to the courtyard.
“Of course, Senior Brother Liu. Please come inside.”
Liu Xingchen walked into the courtyard and was quite surprised. “You really like to grow some peculiar things. It seems like you have even more than before.”
“Senior Brother Liu, you must be joking.” Jiang Hao wasn’t worried about anything. Liu Xingchen already knew about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
The two sat at the wooden table, and Jiang Hao made some tea.
“Junior Brother Jiang, I’m sure you heard the commotion a few days ago,” said Liu Xingchen.
“Was that about the death of Fang Jin?”
“Not at all,” Liu Xingchen said. “It is said that at that time, many disciples of the Divine Corpse Sect were disrespectful to the various sects. And then…”
Liu Xingchen paused. “The Divine Corpse Sect sent thirty-two disciples this time, and ten of them were killed overnight, including Fang Jin.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He really hadn’t expected this at all.
So, there was someone else involved in the killings. Weren’t they afraid of being discovered?
“Did they find out who did it?” Jiang Hao asked.
The Divine Corpse Sect was a major sect in the northern region. Whoever had done it was really bold.
Jiang Hao remembered that the Heavenly Note Sect was a demonic sect. They were capable of anything.
“The first suspect was Manlong,” Liu Xingchen said with a smile. “But Manlong claims that he suffered heavy injuries and is unable to do something like that.
His master did verify that for us.”
“What happened next?” Jiang Hao asked.
“We value evidence in our sect. Although Manlong is no longer a top disciple, he is still a True Disciple of the Flowing Waterfall branch and has made great contributions to the sect. Of course, we cannot arrest him without concrete evidence,” Liu Xingchen said. “The second suspect is Ye Yaqing of the Hundred Bones Forest. She ranks fifth among the top ten disciples, but she claims that she has been taking care of Bai Ye all this time. Bai Ye and Lian Qin can testify to that. Without solid evidence, we cannot arrest her either. The others were more subtle in their methods, and we haven’t found out who they are even after three days.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. This completely exceeded his expectations. Weren’t the others afraid of offending the Divine Corpse Sect?
It was unlikely that they had acted without permission. They might have been allowed to do it directly or indirectly.
“Do you not use the divine item to find the person?”
“Divine item?” Liu Xingchen smiled. “The dead are not from our sect, so why use it?”
Jiang Hao realized that within the same sect, no one dared to kill anyone without consequence. No one could escape the investigation of the Law Enforcement Hall. But killing people from other sects did not have this restriction.
Such behavior would definitely offend the Divine Corpse Sect. Going to the north would be dangerous. In the future, the northern sect would even try to suppress the Heavenly Note Sect.
However, even if they were strong in the northern region, their influence had no bearing in the southern region.
Jiang Hao didn’t care.
“I’ve come to find you because you had contact with Fang Jin, so I came to ask. Where were you that night?” Liu Xingchen asked.
“I was in my room making talismans,” Jiang Hao said.
“In that case, you don’t have anything to worry about.” Liu Xingchen smiled.
Jiang Hao understood that the anger of the Law Enforcement Hall was just a show. They only came to him after such a long time because they hadn’t been focused on the investigation. Otherwise, with the strength of the Law Enforcement Hall, anyone who did it would have been caught within a day or two.
Jiang Hao was curious. Did those people take the storage treasures of the Divine Corpse Sect disciples?
He didn’t dare ask about that, so he asked about something else instead. “Will the people from the Divine Corpse Sect really let it go that easily?”
Liu Xingchen shook his head. “Who knows?”
At the guest house in the Heavenly Note Sect, there were many courtyards filled with abundant energy.
Among them, the most concentrated courtyard was occupied by two middle-aged men and a beautiful woman, with about twenty disciples standing beside them.
Gu Cheng was among them, but his eyes no longer held the arrogance they had before.
Clang!
A teacup was thrown to the ground by one of the middle-aged men. His voice was filled with anger.
“Evidence! How can a person from the demonic sect be more rule-abiding than those from the immortal sects? What evidence do they need? This is a joke! It’s obviously all just for show! They have been at it for days and haven’t found anything!”
At this moment, the middle-aged man furrowed his brow.
“I’ve said it before. We should be modest when coming here. Not only do they underestimate us, but they even try to teach us how to do things. Do they think this place belongs to their sect? Haven’t you realized it yet? They have no intention of investigating. Do they really think this is some immortal sect that would consider their reputation?
He was the leader of the group, Han Yu, a respected elder of the Divine Corpse Sect. His strength was on par with Zhuang Yuzhen.
“What do you plan to do, Senior Brother?” the beautiful woman asked.
“Give them another three days. They must give us an answer in the end, or else… It’s best to prepare,” Han Yu said coldly.
“They ambushed us. Otherwise, how could they be our match? Just a bunch of uncivilized peasants,” a young man with a cultivation level far surpassing the Primordial Spirit realm said.
The next morning, his body was found in a river.
Han Yu’s aura instantly spread. It was filled with anger. It seemed as if he would fight the Heavenly Note Sect to death..