Chapter 272: Can I Suggest Calming Down?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Han Yu was furious. His aura soared into the sky, and a powerful force swept in all directions.
‘This is too much!’
The people of the Heavenly Note Sect had no sense of restraint. Killing them was one thing, but plundering their storage treasures was barbaric!
Either someone had a special method to kill them, or someone powerful was involved. It was clear that more than one person was involved in the killings.
The demonic sect truly had no restraint at all. They had no regard for anyone.
The powerful aura swept across the surroundings, causing many people to tremble in fear. It seemed like a major battle was about to break out, and it was happening within the sect.
That meant that the Heavenly Note Sect’s advantage was gone. If a fight broke out, the heavenly Note Sect would suffer.
A white figure descended.
Baizhi arrived as quickly as possible.
“Elder Han Yu, please calm down.”
“How can you expect me to calm down?! Shouted Han Yu.
This person was the Acting Sect Master of the Heavenly Note Sect, with decent strength but nothing more.
If their isolated Sect Master was the same, then the Heavenly Note Sect was nothing special, after all.
Han Yu couldn’t help but suspect whether Elder Zhuang had really fallen into their hands. Perhaps it was all a misunderstanding. They were so weak!
“I heard that you have been here for several days and haven’t bothered to look around our Heavenly Note Sect. I will take you for a stroll. It should help you calm down,” Baizhi said.
She was trying to deduce how much of a chance she had against this elder.
Although the person in front of her was not as good as Elder Zhuang Yuzhen, he was still extremely powerful.
It wouldn’t be easy for their twelve branches to keep these three individuals captive.
“A stroll?” A middle-aged man on the side sneered. “A stroll will give us an explanation?”
“Rest assured. Our Heavenly Note Sect sincerely wishes to cooperate. After all, we know very little about the Corpse Realm Flowers,” Baizhi said. “Elder Han Yu, please.” She gestured.
Han Yu frowned. “Junior Sister, you come with me. Junior Brother, take the others inside.”
After a short while, Baizhi led the two of them along a mountain path, and they could see a tower ahead.
“This is the Lawless Tower. Ordinary disciples cannot enter, nor do they have the qualifications to enter,” Baizhi said as they reached the entrance. “For us, this tower is used to enhance cultivation and nourish the surrounding mountains. The forests of the Heavenly Note Sect were not this lush before. It became like this after we built this tower.’
“Where did you get this tower?” Han Yu asked.
The tower was definitely not ordinary. He couldn’t even see through it. He had never heard of the Lawless Tower before.
Baizhi smiled.
“By the way, to avoid any interference, you need to wear something,” she said, handing something to Han Yu and his junior sister. Afterward, the three of them entered the Lawless Tower.
Han Yu remained vigilant. If any problems arose, he would take action immediately.
“Do we need to go through each floor?” the beautiful woman, Lan Qing, asked.
“No. We will go directly to the fifth floor.” Baizhi smiled.
On the fifth floor, she led them to a cell. Baizhi asked the two of them to stand
aside while she approached the prison cell.
Inside the cell, there was only one man. He looked disheveled and emitted a weak aura.
Han Yu was stunned. Although he couldn’t sense it clearly, he recognized the person in front of him. He couldn’t believe his elder was reduced to this!
“Zhuang Yuzhen, we meet again,” Baizhi said with a smile.
Han Yu and Lan Qing felt a pang in their hearts.
Zhuang Yuzhen looked up at Baizhi. “It’s useless… I won’t talk with you. I want to see that disciple. Bring him here. I will only talk with him.”
“He is not a disciple of my branch, so I can’t order him to come here,” said Baizhi.
“Get lost, you filthy demonic sect. You are the Acting Sect Master. You expect me to believe you have no authority over him?” Zhuang Yuzhen said angrily.
“It seems you are always so dissatisfied with your situation.” “None of you are my match,” Zhuang Yuzhen said coldly.
“Are you saying that you want to see someone who is your match?” Baizhi asked.
Zhuang Yuzhen suddenly froze. He was afraid. “Get lost! I want to see that person. I don’t want to see anyone else now, just him. Bring him to me!”
“I’ll go and ask for you,” Baizhi said politely.
Then she turned and left.
Soon, she led the two individuals out of the Lawless Tower.
They were still in a state of shock. They had sensed Zhuang Yuzhen’s fear.
Who could make him so afraid?
“Have you calmed down now?” Baizhi asked with a smile.
Han Yu and Lan Qing were both stunned.
Baizhi smiled. “Shall we discuss cooperation?
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao walked around absentmindedly.
In the early morning, he sensed a powerful aura. It might be someone from the Divine Corpse Sect.
This terrifying aura reminded him of Zhuang Yuzhen.
Once someone as powerful attacked him, he might not even be able to escape.
Fortunately, nothing happened.
‘They are probably negotiating with the high-level members of the Heavenly Note Sect. I wonder if they can reach an agreement.’
If they reached an agreement, they could proceed smoothly. If not, a large-scale battle might break out.
The Heavenly Note Sect would suffer heavy losses even if they won. It would be better if they could solve the problem peacefully.
The consequences were unpredictable.
The afternoon passed without any further incidents.
Three days later, the sect announced cooperation with the Divine Corpse Sect and guaranteed the safety of the Divine Corpse Sect’s disciples visiting the Heavenly Note Sect.
If anything happened, the Enforcement Hall would intervene.
After the announcement, Jiang Hao knew that the two parties had reached an agreement, and no one could kill members of the Divine Corpse Sect anymore. The Enforcement Hall would truly intervene this time.
No one would dare to make a move again. Each investigation would be strict.
Jiang Hao was not afraid of a normal investigation. What he feared was the Heavenly Essence Soul Modeling Mirror.
In any case, things had been relatively quiet. In another month and a half, he would go and find Bai Ye.
No one approached Jiang Hao for the next month.
The people from the Divine Corpse Sect were doing their own thing and didn’t come to visit him.
In mid-September, Jiang Hao sat cross-legged in his room, feeling the changes within his body.
At this moment, the Seven- Stars Sealing Technique appeared around him. He found out that he could use the technique to seal himself off from the outside world. It provided him significant defense against attacks.
Unfortunately, the range was fixed, and it wasn’t easy to get out. It required a higher level of control. He would probably be able to figure it out another way after using it for a while.
Jiang Hao went to the courtyard and saw that the peach tree had started to bear fruits.
Time was running out.
He opened his interface. He needed to prioritize the matter of Bai Ye and then focus on other things..