Chapter 273: Someone Has Already Handled It
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 25]
[Cultivation: Middle Stage of Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal, Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 100/100 (Can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 99/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 0/3 (Cannot be obtained)]
‘Just a little bit more cultivation is needed.’
He felt that he could obtain some blue bubbles the day after tomorrow.
He wanted to see what significant changes would appear after he advanced to the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
It would be good to take precautions. He now had accumulated three thousand spirit stones.
Everyone had been frightened by the terrifying aura from before, so his talismans sold very well.
However, these spirit stones were still not enough for the incarnation of the Immortal Peach Tree.
Jiang Hao didn’t know if it was actually happening, but he felt that the growth of the peach tree had significantly slowed down.
He had appraised it, but there were no changes for the time being. He still needed to undergo six more rounds of incarnation.
He had no choice but to wait and appraise it when it matured.
“Master, this bamboo is so tall!” The spirit beast hung from the bamboo with its ears.
Looking at the bamboo that was taller than the surrounding walls, Jiang Hao wondered if he should cut and replant it somewhere else.
He had prevented the bamboo from spreading because it might crowd his space.
There was only one bamboo. He decided to keep it.
He would let the bamboo grow out for a while and then transplant a shoot outside.
“Dig some shoots out and give them to Xiao Li to be sent to the cafeteria,” Jiang Hao said.
The cafeteria staff would help Xiao Li take care of it.
For several years, he had paid the cafeteria spirit stones for extra food, and there hadn’t been any problems so far.
“Master, how do I dig it out?” The beast descended from the tree and squatted in front of the bamboo shoot.
“With your claws.”
The beast then began to dig out the bamboo shoot with its claws.
The beast was on the verge of surpassing the Foundation Establishment Realm. Its claws had become sharper.
Jiang Hao was somewhat surprised that the beast was soon going to be at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Its progress seemed too quick.
“What is Xiao Li’s cultivation realm now?” Jiang Hao asked.
“She has reached the sixth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm,” said the beast.
“What about Chu Chuan?”
“He has already reached the fifth stage.” “Did you give him his things?”
“I did. I always complete the tasks you give me.”
The spirit beast was indeed doing a good job of following Jiang Hao’s instructions. However, he didn’t always believe the beast’s words, so he did occasionally go and check for himself.
Chu Chuan reaching the fifth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm within three years was indeed impressive. Based on his recent progress, his talent was quite high.
Jiang Hao didn’t know if Chu Chuan would be able to advance to the Foundation Establishment Realm by the time the Bright Moon Sect’s conference was held.
“How is Lin Zhi doing?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Lin Zhi’s cultivation hasn’t increased, but everything else has improved,” said the beast. “I have urged him to improve his movement techniques.”
“Movement techniques?” Jiang Hao was curious. “What are you planning to teach him?”
The spirit beast picked up the bamboo shoot it had dug up. “To doge and hide. There is no need to teach him anything more.”
Jiang Hao didn’t protest. Lin Zhi was still at the third stage of the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique, which was quite slow. If he reached the ninth stage, he would be able to accumulate enough star energy. But it was fine. Slow and steady was the best approach for Lin Zhi.
“By the way, it seems that Lin Zhi’s friends are still discussing how to find a way to let him stay in the sect,” said the spirit beast.
By now, they had left the courtyard and were heading toward the Spirit Herb Garden.
“No need to worry about that. Let them be,” said Jiang Hao.
“Oh, and one more thing… Master, I feel that this collar won’t last much longer. Can you get me a new one?
Jiang Hao chuckled. He didn’t have enough spirit stones. The collars for Golden Core Realm beasts were quite expensive.
“Master, I’m going to find Xiao Li.” With the bamboo shoot in its arms, the beast headed in a different path.
Jiang Hao walked toward the Spirit Herb Garden. He noticed two disciples from the Divine Corpse Sect waiting there.
He knew they were waiting for him. He didn’t know what they wanted this time.
Hopefully, there won’t be any trouble. Otherwise, it would disrupt his plans to find Bai Ye next.
At White Moon Lake, Zhao Qingxue looked troubled. “Senior Sister, is there really no other way?
“Don’t we still have half a year?” Zhou Chan smiled reassuringly. “Perhaps he can advance to the second stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm by then.”
“But I feel like there has been very little change in Lin Zhi’s spiritual energy and cultivation,” said Zhao Qingxue. “Maybe half a year isn’t enough.”
Zhao Qingxue had reached the fifth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. She was also taller than before.
She looked completely different from Lin Zhi.
“I asked… and they don’t even accept spirit stones anymore. They said they have other arrangements for the future.” Zhou Chan sighed helplessly. “Then I asked Elder Qian Xu. He suggested giving Lin Zhi some spirit herbs to help him advance to the next stage. If the spirit herbs don’t work, it means there is a problem with his talent. The problem can’t be solved with a simple price.” “1 see…” Zhao Qingxue looked disappointed.
“Why are you helping him, Junior Sister Zhao?” asked a white-robed woman. Her ethereal beauty transcended the ordinary.
“Senior Sister Leng, greetings!” Zhao Qingxue bowed in greeting.
“Senior Sister, weren’t you in seclusion?” Zhou Chan asked with a smile.
“I came out to take a look because of the matter with the Divine Corpse Sect.” Leng chuckled. She was friendly with Zhou Chan.
Then she turned to look at Zhao Qingxue. “I have heard a bit about you and Lin Zhi. The two of you are not from the same world. If you treat him like this, you’ll bring him even more trouble.”
“I just want to help him. I feel that he has suffered too much. He was always so reserved and meek when he was young. He is still like that…”
“I understand you want to help him. But the way you’re doing it is wrong,” said Senior Sister Leng. “It’s better to help him secretly. When everyone knows that you are going out of your way to help him, it’ll only cause more harm. But you are young and impulsive right now. I understand… I am heading to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. I can inquire about your friend if you want.”
“Senior Sister Leng, we’ll come with you,” Zhou Chan said.
Senior Sister Leng glanced at her and then nodded. Soon, they arrived at the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
The man in charge of managing the outer sect disciples looked fearful when he saw them. “Senior Sister Leng, it’s not that I’m not willing to help. It’s just that… Lin Zhi has been removed from the list..”