Chapter 274: This Person Is Too Clumsy
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Has it been removed from the list?”
Senior Sister Leng was a little confused. “When did this happen?”
“It should have been a year ago.” The other party dared not hesitate and answered quickly.
“A year?”
Zhou Chan thought for a moment and asked, “You mean, it happened before I arrived?”
The other party nodded awkwardly.
Senior Sister Leng did not care about this. Instead, she asked the most important question.
“In other words, Lin Zhi didn’t have to leave the sect?
“Who did it then?”
The other party hesitated for a moment and spoke truthfully.
“It was the Cliff Master.”
This surprised them.
The Cliff of Broken Hearts’ master had personally interfered?
The three of them did not stay any longer.
“Senior Sister, did that senior brother see you earlier?” Zhou Chan seemed puzzled after they left.
She remembered that ever since she entered the sect, her senior sister rarely went out.
“I’m not sure,” Senior Sister Leng said calmly.
“But he sensed my cultivation.”
Zhou Chan nodded. She had experienced it before as well.
It was as if the sky had collapsed, and it was extremely terrifying.
“Is there anything special about Lin Zhi?” Senior Sister Leng asked curiously.
“Perhaps his cultivation is stable?” Zhou Chan said.
“Did he encounter anything strange?” Senior Sister Leng asked again.
“I remember Uncle Rabbit mentioning it before, but he didn’t go into detail,” Zhao Qingxue said.
“Uncle Rabbit?” Zhou Chan contemplated for a long time before she said,
“The Cliff of Broken Hearts only has a rabbit as a spirit pet.”
“Which senior brother is it?” Zhao Qingxue asked happily.
“It’s Junior Brother Jiang Hao’s. He’s the one who brought Lin Zhi into the sect,” Zhou Chan explained.
Hearing this, Zhao Qingxue’s joy disappeared, and it was replaced by disappointment.
He had assumed that a powerful senior found value in him. Unexpectedly, it was just an ordinary inner sect junior.
“Since there are no other problems, you can cultivate in peace next time. Your cultivation level has increased rapidly, but your foundation isn’t stable.
“If you desire to do something, your cultivation level must first be high enough.
zupenor talent IS not mat rare m me sect. now rar one can go still uepenus on one’s own hard work.
“Some people with great talent can become true inheritors, while others with great talent only end up being ordinary.
“Junior Sister, you have to realize this as soon as possible.” Senior Sister Leng looked at the two of them and said calmly.
“Let’s go back.”
Zhou Chan bade farewell to Senior Sister Leng and brought Zhao Qingxue back.
Only then did Senior Sister Leng walk deep into the Cliff of Broken Hearts to attend to her own matters.
“Seniors, is there something you need?”
In the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao spoke respectfully as he looked at the people from the Divine Corpse Sect.
“Fellow Disciple, you must be joking.” Gu Cheng smiled bitterly.
He had given it a long and careful thought. Junior Sister Fang Jin never offended anyone else except this unattractive disciple before him.
On the night that he had suggested using blood to feed the Corpse Realm Flower, Junior Sister Fang Jin had been brutally killed.
To say that this person had nothing to do with it was impossible.
Of course, it was not that the person before him was the culprit. There was a high chance that someone had done the deed on his behalf. Even if Gu Cheng looked down on him, he could not show it.
This was what Elder Han Yu had instructed as well.
Although he did not know what had happened, Elder Han Yu’s attitude changed after the substitute sect master of the Heavenly Note Sect invited him out.
No matter how dissatisfied or annoyed they were, they had to hide it.
“Let’s just leave it at that. The younger generation should get used to it.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
He could not erase their sense of superiority, and he did not want to cause any more trouble.
If he had insisted on calling her “Senior” last time, perhaps it would have been much better.
As primordial spirits, not many people were willing to address each other as fellow disciples.
If they were not from the same sect, it was easy for them to encounter unnecessary trouble.
This was especially true for those who were members of organizations that were labeled as great sects by the Mountain and Sea biographies.
What was a large sect?
Jiang Hao had read the book carefully. Those above large sects were called immortal sects.
The Clear Sky School or Bright Moon Sect were examples of such sects.
The Heavenly Note Sect had barely managed to become a first-rate sect in the past few decades. It was a sect that lacked foundation.
With that being the case, how could he compare with the other party?
According to Liu Xingchen, the Bright Moon Sect could defeat the Blackheaven Sect, the Sunset Sect, the Wind Lightning Sect, the Heavenly Note Sect, and so on with one hand.
Plus, these sects added together could probably go back and forth with the Divine Corpse Sect.
It was hard to say.
However, if the disciples of the Heavenly Note Sect were to travel north, they would probably not be able to return once they were caught.
Therefore, it was best not to have any conflicts.
Gu Cheng could not do anything about it.
“I’m actually here for the Corpse Realm Flower, Fellow Disciple Jiang.” “Corpse Realm Flower? Are you going to feed him?” Jiang Hao asked.
This again?
Since it was not a simple bloodletting process, the Corpse Realm Flower could easily absorb essence, qi, and spirit.
This was definitely not possible.
The advancement was imminent, and once a person’s essence, qi, and spirit were damaged, it was easy to fail the advancement.
“No, no, no.”
Gu Cheng quickly explained, “The Corpse Realm will open after a while. You might want to enter it as well, Fellow Disciple Jiang.
“We’re here to teach you some formations to deal with the situation inside.
“I’ll tell you about the rest later.”
“The Corpse Realm Flower Gathering? I might want to go in?” Jiang Hao was a little surprised.
The former was pretending to be surprised, while the latter was really concerned. It was too risky to enter such a dangerous place.
“We’re just following orders,” a senior sister beside him said softly.
She had been standing at the side the entire time. She was in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.
She had a dainty appearance and a well-proportioned figure, like a typical girl next door.
“Yes, we were only following orders. You happened to be on the list, Fellow Disciple, so we came over,” Gu Cheng explained.
Although Jiang Hao was puzzled, he did not say anything.
He had to ask his master about this.
Shortly after, they arrived at the side of the wooden house in the Spirit Herb Garden.
“First of all, you need to identify a formation called the Three Aeons Formation. This formation is extremely wide and difficult to analyze. “It’s composed of Heavenly Yuan, Earth Yuan, and Human Yuan.
“What we really need to learn is a part of the Human Yuan.
“I’ll draw out the formation I need first before I explain it to you.
“I hope that you’ll gain a brief understanding of the situation today, Fellow Disciple,” Senior Sister Qing You explained as she drew a formation on the ground.
Jiang Hao did not ask any questions. Instead, he listened quietly.
Slowly, he gained some understanding.
This formation was part of the Corpse Realm Flower’s passage.
After a person learned these formations, he would be able to control where he landed.
Even if there was danger, he could use the formation to protect himself.
If he was unprepared, he would be sent to a random place.
If something went wrong during the process, there was a high chance that he would never be able to return.
The Divine Corpse Sect had paid a huge price to learn this.
‘It looks like I have the qualifications to enter the special land, but why am I qualified?’
The people of the Divine Corpse Sect were either in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm or the Primordial Soul Realm.
What was a late-stage Foundation Establishment cultivator going to do there?
However, he was not in a hurry to question them. Instead, he observed the formation and tried to understand it.
Unfortunately, it was too difficult to understand.
Senior Sister You felt rather helpless as she tried to teach him.
His skills were indeed a little ordinary, perhaps too ordinary.
One’s talent in formations could be poor, but if one was highly talented in cultivation, one would still possess a certain level of intelligence. It would be easy for one to understand the basics of formations.
The person before her was too ordinary.
He did not have that kind of skill.
It was obvious that he did not have much talent when it came to cultivation.
She did not understand why such a person would go to the Corpse Realm.
It was not that she looked down on those in the Foundation Establishment Realm, but he truly was not good.
With his talent, the Gold Core Realm might be his limit.
Going to the Corpse Realm was a waste on him.
Of course, she was also tired of teaching.
It was as if she was teaching a clumsy student..