Chapter 275: The Sealing Technique
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao studied formations the entire day.
He could vaguely sense the other party’s helplessness.
It seemed that his talent was causing some trouble for them.
He had been trying his best to ask fewer questions, but even so, the other party still felt that there were too many and that his comprehension was poor.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly. He had done his best.
He knew very little about formations.
That kind of knowledge heavily relied on talent.
Sometimes, it required more talent than alchemy.
Alchemy, formations, forging, talisman-making. They were all specialized fields, and formations were probably the most difficult to master.
Fortunately, after dark, they successfully finished explaining the formations.
“You need to master this formation within a month. Next month, we will explain other formations. You must learn all the required formations before the Corpse Realm Flowers mature,” Senior Sister Qing You said.
“Thank you, Senior,” Jiang Hao said gratefully.
After that, Senior Sister Qing You and Gu Cheng left the Spirit Herb Garden. “What do you think, Junior Sister?” asked Gu Cheng when they were outside.
“He’s just average,” said Qing You with some disdain. “I’ve never seen anyone so difficult to teach. I think it’s a waste of a spot for him to enter the Corpse Realm. Maybe people think highly of him for some other reason.”
“I’m curious too. Why would someone at the Foundation Establishment Realm be on the list?” Gu Cheng frowned. “Maybe he has someone backing him, or it could be for other reasons. I’ll ask around in the next few days, and maybe I can find out something. But I feel that the other inner disciples don’t really care about him. His status doesn’t seem very high.”
“He has average talent. He isn’t an alchemist. He spends all his time in the Spirit Herb Garden and isn’t really valued much by other disciples. How could someone like that obtain a spot? While wasting a spot, he’s also putting himself in danger. Even if he learns formations and can temporarily ensure his safety, once he offends someone, he will easily bring disaster upon himself.” Qing You shook her head.
“For now, let’s not worry about it. I’ll ask around, and then we’ll see. Regardless, Junior Sister, you still need to guide him next month,” Gu Cheng said.
“I get a headache every time I see him now.” Qing You rubbed her temples and sighed. “I’m afraid that even after a month, he won’t be able to learn the initial formation. What am I going to do then? If it doesn’t work out, I’ll have to ask other seniors to come and teach him.”
“I’ll ask for you,” Gu Cheng said.
After that, the two of them left Cliff of Broken Hearts.
They had to go back to report their work.
At this moment, Jiang Hao looked at the formations and felt a headache coming on.
He could sense the frustrations of those two people. But he had been in plenty of these situations and didn’t mind.
After taking note of the formations, he began to take care of the spirit herbs.
If he didn’t care for them, he would get no bubbles tomorrow. That would be a waste of the opportunity to become stronger.
Once the bubbles were wasted, they could hardly be recovered. It was better to be diligent in his work.
After taking care of the spirit herbs, he returned to his house.
He didn’t rush to continue studying the formations.
There were more important things for him to do right now.
He needed to be in the best possible condition to do that. For the next two days, he needed to maintain his peak state.
On the third day, Jiang Hao arrived beside the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
A blue bubble flew into his body. [Cultivation +1]
Jiang Hao glanced at his panel. [Lifeblood: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 100/100 (can be cultivated)]
‘It’s full. I can advance tonight and act tomorrow night.’
He headed to the library to see if there were any anomalies related to his advancement.
After returning, he sought an audience with his master.
He wanted to ask about the Corpse Realm Flowers.
“Entering the Corpse Realm?” Ku Wu Chang said. “It’s a sect reward. Whoever cultivates them successfully earns a spot.”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He was unaware of this. Otherwise, he would have avoided it.
“Master, I feel that my cultivation is not enough. It would be better if other seniors were to take the spot instead of me,” said Jiang Hao.
Giving away his spot would be safer. The destination inside the Corpse Realm was uncertain. It would be dangerous to enter it.
Ku Wu Chang fell silent.
Finally, he handed Jiang Hao a piece of wood about the size of a thumb. It appeared ordinary, but it contained considerable power.
“Go do your work,” said Ku Wu Chang.
Jiang Hao knew that he had no choice but to leave. It wouldn’t be appropriate to inquire further.
However, he was quite curious about the piece of wood.
After leaving his master’s residence, he appraised the wood.
[Jade Ruyi: Automatically activates defense in the face of a powerful attack, capable of blocking a strike from the Primordial Spirit Realm and randomly teleporting beyond a distance of a thousand miles.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. This was a good item.
This was a life-saving treasure. Not only does it have a strong defense, but it also allows for a quick escape.
However, he wondered what the upper limit of teleportation distance was.
‘Unfortunately, it’s not very useful for me. I have the Nine Heavenly Battle
Armor for Primordial Spirit defense and the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman for teleportation. But for a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, it can indeed withstand any danger.’
After putting away the item, Jiang Hao went to the Spirit Herb Garden.
Currently, it seemed that he had to enter a special realm.
There should be a suitable foothold for Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, and unnecessary entry was prohibited.
He needed to make preparations for this.
The next night, strands of moonlight illuminated the forest.
A figure moved in the moonlight. It appeared and disappeared. He arrived at the Hundred Bones Forest and stood outside the valley.
‘I can’t determine the location.’
Jiang Hao stood on a tree branch and looked ahead.
This was a place in Bai Ye’s territory, so he didn’t dare go further.
If he wanted to make a move, this distance was good enough.
Normal perception couldn’t detect the opponent, but with his powerful spiritual sense and the knowledge from the nameless manual, it should be possible to locate the opponent.
Then Jiang Hao closed his eyes and perceived everything around him.
He sensed the spiritual energy around him, like spots of lights in the darkness. These spots of light became more and more numerous, and their range expanded.
The fluctuations of spiritual energy were all perceptible.
The shapes of spiritual herbs appeared one by one, and trees slowly took form.
After a long time, he saw two figures standing in the distance.
One had rich but somewhat weak spiritual energy, while the other was weaker but flowed smoothly.
‘Found them!’
Jiang Hao opened his eyes and looked toward the valley.
At this moment, he held a long spear in his hand and threw it forward.
Purple energy began to cover everything, and the spiritual energy surged along with it.
The majestic power of the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm imbued the spear.
Subsequently, the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit activated and covered the spear with even greater power.
At this point, the spear was full of cracks and was on the verge of collapse.
Jiang Hao threw it with all his might.
Its sound was masked by the purple energy that enveloped it.
The long spear whistled through the air. The spear didn’t have the intent to kill, but it carried the intent to inflict serious injury.
Jiang Hao turned and left.
From now on, he would come here every once in six months.
Bai Ye would be covered by his Sealing Technique.
Without learning more about this technique, he could forget about advancing to the next stage..