Chapter 276: Where Did I Go Wrong?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In the Hundred Bone Forest, numerous spirit herbs grew in the valley.
Each herb was planted with a purpose. They covered the whole valley like a net.
In the center was a courtyard.
Bai Ye stood in the courtyard and looked at the surrounding spirit herbs.
“Senior Brother, you should go back and rest. Master said that you still need rest,” Lian Qin said.
“No worries.” Bai Ye shook his head and frowned.
“I don’t want to wait anymore. Let’s go to the Cliff of Broken Hearts tomorrow.
I need to confirm something. Everything feels off.”
“Do you need to be in such a rush?” Lian Qin couldn’t understand him.
“Whoever that person is… he has stopped the curse, and master lifted the remaining curse from you. Shouldn’t you rest and recover first?”
Bai Ye shook his head. “I can set aside other matters, but this… I need to solve it personally. I’m very puzzled and need an answer. My intuition tells me that this answer is important to me.”
Lian Qin was still puzzled, but she didn’t say anything more.
“It seems that the Divine Corpse Sect wants to enter the Corpse Realm together with our people. You had the opportunity to do it. Why did you refuse, Senior
Brother? This kind of opportunity is rare.”
“Because…” Bai Ye wanted to explain, but he was distracted by something in the valley. He turned to look.
He immediately activated the formation, raised his hand, and numerous defenses appeared around him.
Lian Qin was confused more than ever. Just then, a purple light flew toward them from outside.
The purple light collided with the formation. With a loud bang, the formation shattered on the spot.
Lian Qin finally saw the long purple spear. The speed at which it flew was incredible, and the power imbued was stronger than Golden Core Realm.
Whoosh!
The purple spear arrived in front of Bai Ye.
Boom!
When the spear struck, Bai Ye’s defenses crumbled.
In the blink of an eye, Bai Ye watched as his defenses and treasures were completely destroyed. The spear pierced through his abdomen.
He felt intense pain. His whole body was lifted off the ground.
However, the spear shattered with a loud bag the moment it pierced him. Purple energy covered Bai Ye, and it seeped into his body.
The purple energy infiltrated his body and destroyed his limbs. His flesh was torn, and his meridians were crushed. Even his Primordial Spirit was harmed.
Blood oozed from his skin. The pain made him scream.
Bai Ye fell to the ground with a thud. The earth beneath him was stained red with his blood.
With hollow eyes, he looked at the night sky. He could feel that whoever had sent this hadn’t meant to kill him. Otherwise, he would already be dead.
‘What did I do to deserve this? What did I do wrong? Which step did I mess up?’
Bai Ye couldn’t make sense of it at all.
He must have made a mistake somewhere! There must be a missing link to all this!
But where exactly?
As he was about to lose consciousness, he heard Lian Qin’s cry.
A figure outside the Hundred Bones Forest paused under the moonlight and looked back. Then he disappeared into the darkness.
Jiang Hao returned to his house. He knew that Bai Ye would remain injured for a long time.
It might make him unable to cultivate for four months or more.
To make sure it worked, he needed to visit once every six months and check once more. He couldn’t harm him or kill him permanently.
If that happened, the Law Enforcement Hall wouldn’t let Jiang Hao off the hook. The investigation would be serious.
He just wanted to seal Bai Ye’s cultivation. As long as it was sealed for a few years, that would be okay for him.
Bai Ye would probably let go of his concerns regarding Jiang Hao by then. If not, he could find another way to make a move once more.
A hundred years later, perhaps Jiang Hao would have a stronger standing among the sect’s branches. By then, even the powerful person from the Heavenly Joy Pavilion would have to let go of his contempt toward him.
The Heavenly Joy Pavilion was like a knife hanging over Jiang Hao’s head. They hadn’t found a vessel yet, so they kept targeting him in anger.
Unfortunately, he had no means to fight back.
But there was no need to dwell on it for now.
At least the danger from Bai Ye had disappeared. He could deal with the rest of the problems one by one. The future held so much promise. Jiang Hao looked at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 25]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart
Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 3/100 (can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 4/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 0/3 (cannot be obtained)]
The advancement had gone perfectly. Jiang Hao began to refine his cultivation. The sealing technique he had applied on Bai Ye had consumed a lot of his energy.
He needed to recover and reach his peak soon.
In the early morning, Jiang Hao took out a formation and began to study it.
He activated the Clear and Pure Heart ability. Even with that, the formation seemed very difficult to understand.
This formation was surprisingly challenging, especially for someone like him. Learning a formation was not just about studying the technique. It proved to be unimaginablv confusinz.
Jiang Hao wondered if the two people would teach him once more.
He sighed. It would only make them resentful.
Jiang Hao took out the stone tablet. ‘The gathering should be soon…’
It had been over half a year since the last gathering. Ideally, it should be happening in the next month or two.
‘I wonder what task Senior Dan Yuan will assign this time.’
He was actually looking forward to it. He hoped it was something he knew about already.
He was also waiting for Liu to find out about the “End of All Things.” That way, Hong Yuye wouldn’t keep pestering him about progress.
The stone tablet showed him the conversation between Gui, Liu, and Xing.
Liu said that he had already tried the Myriad Bodies Technique of cultivation.
All he needed to do now was to confirm the path and use the Shifting Stars Technique.
Jiang Hao wondered if he could ask them to teach him something about formations. His talent was only average when it came to formations, and if he couldn’t rely on them, then who could he rely on?
A name surfaced in Jiang Hao’s mind. ‘It’s been a long time since I last visited him…
He took out the Corpse Heart and sealed it with an additional layer of protection.
He also took out the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl and sealed it once more.
Both items were terrifying, and he had to give it his all to keep them contained.
After finishing his work at the Spirit Herb Garden and selling some talismans, he went to see Zhuang Yuzhen.
He didn’t know if Zhuang Yuzhen would be willing to talk to him. However, Jiang Hao had some leverage now. If he didn’t cooperate, he could just pass the Corpse Heart to Elder Baizhi and be done with the matter once and for all.
Thereafter, Zhuang Yuzhen would have no chance left.
Jiang Hao arrived at the Lawless Tower that afternoon.
When he arrived, he saw two seniors escorting a man inside.
The man had a huge beard. His cultivation was profound and difficult to discern, but he was severely injured.
“The audacity of the Heavenly Note Sect to launch a sneak attack on us is despicable! Just wait until all our people arrive. We will destroy you! Do you expect to imprison me in this stupid tower? Idiots!”
Jiang Hao was stunned. He couldn’t understand how a person could be so brash after being put into the Lawless Tower.
Jiang Hao stood aside and bowed to the seniors as they passed.
The two seniors didn’t look over at him. They just escorted the captive deeper into the Lawless Tower..