Chapter 277: Threatening Zhuang Yuzhen Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
On the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower, Jiang Hao stood in front of a cell.
He saw Zhuang Yuzhen, who was weaker than before and had many bruises and scars on his body.
However, the wounds didn’t seem to have any effect on his stubbornness.
Jiang Hao knocked on the wood. “Are you awake?”
Zhuang Yuzhen lifted his weary head, and his lifeless gaze sharpened upon seeing Jiang Hao.
He leaned back. “You’re finally here.”
“I have some questions for you.” Jiang Hao sat down and took out a book. “I want you to answer them.”
“Questions?” Zhuang Yuzhen laughed. “Do you think I’m your master? You expect me to teach you cultivation? Why would I do that?”
“It’s not about cultivation. It’s about formations.” Jiang Hao picked up the book and showed it to Zhuang Yuzhen.
When Zhuang Yuzhen saw the formation, he frowned. It was unbelievable.
“Where did you get that information?”
“1 can tell you if you teach me,” Jiang Hao said with a smile.
“Did someone from the Divine Corpse Sect approach you for cooperation?” Zhuang Yuzhen asked. Then he sighed. “Well, it’s about time for the Corpse Realm Flowers to bloom.”
Jiang Hao was speechless.
Zhuang Yuzhen didn’t look surprised at all. It seemed that he didn’t expect someone from the Divine Corpse Sect to come and rescue him.
Jiang Hao felt that something was not right. If it was a demonic sect, Jiang Hao could understand. But the Divine Corpse Sect was an immortal sect. Wouldn’t an immortal sect save its own people?
Jiang Hao used the Daily Appraisal on Zhuang Yuzhen.
[Zhuang Yuzhen: Elder of the Divine Corpse Sect. His cultivation was absorbed and disintegrated by the Lawless Tower, leaving him at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Seeing the formation in your hand, he knows that his sect’s people have arrived. When his disciples make contact with the sect’s people, the Corpse Heart will be transferred. As long as those people observe the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower in the name of the sect, they will have the opportunity to release the Corpse Heart and regain their lives. Now, he plans to stall for time with you. If you are not by the side of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, others will have a better chance at succeeding.]
Jiang Hao was stunned.
He smiled and beckoned to Zhuang Yuzhen.
Zhuang Yuzhen’s face darkened. He had a feeling that Jiang Hao had seen through his plans.
Jiang Hao put his hand down. “I forgot you can’t really come close. Then let me tell you something. After I say it, you will be more than willing to teach me formations.”
‘Here it comes again….’ Zhuang Yuzhen was traumatized by now.
“I heard…” Jiang Hao approached the cell. “Before the people from the Divine Corpse Sect arrived here, a spy from your sect died just outside.”
Zhuang Yuzhen was stunned. His eyes widened in anger.
Jiang Hao smiled and put away the book. “It seems you don’t want to teach me. Well, maybe we’ll see each other next time.”
He had no choice but to go back and study the formations on his own. It wasn’t a loss for him, after all. He had given Zhuang Yuzhen a blow once again and kept him guessing in agony.
“I’ll tell you! I’ll teach you!” shouted Zhuang Yuzhen.
He was afraid that Jiang Hao would just leave like last time. Each time, he took longer to come and see him than the last time. If he left this time, it might take years for him to come and see him again.
No matter how angry Zhuang Yuzhen was, he had to swallow his anger and endure it.
“That’s quite unexpected. In that case, please teach me properly. You can stall for time as long as you want. It doesn’t matter,” said Jiang Hao.
Zhuang Yuzhen was speechless. He knew it!
It wasn’t a coincidence that this particular person was in charge of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Jiang Hao handed Zhuang Yuzhen the notebook. He frowned as he flipped through it.
He looked at Jiang Hao after a while. “This is just the beginning of formations. How long have you studied formations?
“Not very long. In fact, I just started.”
“So… you don’t have any knowledge regarding formations?
“I don’t.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Actually, he did know a little bit about it but not so much as to make a significant difference.
Zhuang Yuzhen didn’t say anything more and began to guide Jiang Hao in formations.
The more Zhuang Yuzhen taught him, the more shocked he was. He couldn’t believe Jiang Hao was this bad at understanding formations.
Jiang Hao wasn’t embarrassed by it. This formation was related to his safety, so he had to thoroughly understand it.
For an entire month, Jiang Hao studied the formation diligently and was finally able to understand it completely.
He consulted Zhuang Yuzhen during the day and used his divine abilities for comprehension at night.
For safety’s sake, he even had Zhuang Yuzhen simulate various situations.
Zhuang Yuzhen asked him for information about his disciple in exchange. “The main body of that clone is on the run.”
Zhuang Yuzhen seemed to have found hope again.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind.
He needed to report to Elder Baizhi again.
Zhuang Yuzhen had revealed the method to unseal one of his treasures, allowing the Heavenly Note Sect to obtain a complete and powerful treasure.
In this way, Jiang Hao made his contribution.
He visited Zhuang Yuzhen regularly for a month.
In mid-October, Jiang Hao stood in his courtyard. The peach tree had finally matured.
The beast occasionally brought Xiao Li along to pick the peaches secretly. They acted like thieves.
The beast always told Xiao Li that peaches were sweeter when stolen from the tree.
Jiang Hao was rendered speechless when he saw them doing this.
He felt that something was wrong. The peach tree seemed to be growing much more slowly than before.
He used the Daily Appraisal on it and found out that the tree needed to mature three times before the next incarnation. That meant it couldn’t undergo incarnation this year.
‘Once every three years… will I get a golden or a purple bubble by then?’
so tar, ne unaerst00d tnat purple DuDD1es gave mm cnvme at)llltles, gold gave him treasures, and purple-gold bubbles gave him new techniques.
He preferred purple bubbles. He preferred having more divine abilities than treasures. He could use the abilities anytime but couldn’t use some treasures.
If the incarnation was to happen once every three years, then he would have enough time to earn and save spirit stones.
However, it would mean fewer bubbles. They were rare, as it were.
“Master, let’s go to the Spirit Herb Garden fast,” said the beast.
“Why are you in such a hurry today?” Jiang Hao asked as he walked out of the courtyard.
“We have some new people coming in today. They need to know who has the final say in the Spirit Herb Garden,” said the beast. “All my friends know that I, Lord Beast, am the only one capable of something like that.” Jiang Hao smiled.
Gu Cheng and Qing You also headed to the Spirit Herb Garden.
“I asked around… The reason Jiang Hao got the spot is that he was the one who figured out how to make the Corpse Realm Flower bloom,” said Gu Cheng.
“Really?” Qing You was surprised.
“I don’t know for sure… but I heard the flower first bloomed at the White Moon Lake, so there’s a possibility that someone from the White Moon Lake intended for this to happen,” said Gu Cheng.
“What do you mean? Is this person related to the Acting Sect Master of the Heavenly Note Sect?” asked Qing You.
“It’s hard to say. If the flower really bloomed at White Moon Lake first, then there are three possibilities. First, Jiang Hao is truly skilled at cultivating spirit herbs, and he somehow managed to make the flower bloom at White Moon Lake. Second, Jiang Hao has some connection with the Acting Sect Master. Third, the Cliff of Broken Hearts has some connection with the Acting Sect Master. Regardless of the three options, we still need to guide him in formations,” said Gu Cheng.
“But his understanding of formations is just average,” said Qing You. “Senior Brother Gu, which possibility do you think is the most likely?”
“It’s hard to say… but other seniors believe the third possibility is the most likely. I heard that Jiang Hao has no strong background and was almost used as a scapegoat. But…”
‘Was Fang’s death really just a coincidence?’
Gu Cheng sighed. “Let’s just focus on completing the mission for now.”
Qing You nodded. In any case, they should focus on completing the mission. They didn’t need to worry too much about the other speculations.
Whenever she thought about teaching formations to Jiang Hao, she felt tired. He couldn’t even grasp the beginner’s formations well. The more complex formations would be impossible for him!
Just one day might not be time enough to teach him everything..