Chapter 278: Feeling Embarrassed
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
On the way to the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao once again met Liu Xingchen.
He wasn’t surprised by his visit.
After the heavy injury to Bai Ye, the Law Enforcement Hall would get involved.
Ideally, he had no interaction with Bai Ye, but for the bored Liu Xingchen, it was highly probable that he would suspect something.
Jiang Hao had even expected him to come sooner than this.
“Junior Brother Jiang, you are becoming stronger,” said Liu Xingchen.
“You are too kind. I can’t compare to you in any way regarding strength,” Jiang Hao said politely.
Liu Xingchen was different from before.
The dark red aura around him had disappeared, and his cultivation realm had also changed.
He used to be in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, but now he was in the middle stage.
It seemed that he had taken a bite out of the Blood Demon.
Perhaps the three of the remnant souls had already gathered together and were planning how to fight back.
Jiang Hao decided to appraise him.
[Liu Xingchen: True Disciple of the Heavenly Faction. Born with the aura of a dragon. An undercover agent of the Law Enforcement Hall of the Heavenly Note Sect. Recently, he felt that the Blood Demon had sensed the presence of the other two remnants and became more cautious. Out of boredom, he observed the entity who attempted to possess him, but he was disappointed. To make it join forces with the other three as soon as possible, he consumed half of the entity’s soul, thus advancing to the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. The severe injury to Bai Ye piqued his interest, but he couldn’t determine who was responsible. He focused his attention on you. He looks forward to future developments.]
Jiang Hao noticed that Liu Xingchen became more and more interested in him as time went on.
It was true that Liu Xingchen had advanced to the middle stage of the
Primordial Spirit Realm after devouring a portion of the Blood Demon.
Unfortunately, he couldn’t determine whether the three entities had already joined forces.
“Have you heard about the heavy injury inflicted on Senior Brother Bai Ye?” Liu Xingchen asked.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “No.”
The news hadn’t spread within the sect yet. Only a few people knew about it.
Liu Xingchen sighed. “It is said that someone threw a spear which pierced through Bai Ye instantly from outside the valley. Their strength was unimaginable, truly astonishing. The people from the Hundred Bones Forest were furious, and the Merit Hall pressured the Law Enforcement Hall to launch an investigation. The Law Enforcement Hall is in a miserable state this time. Fortunately, Bai Ye’s cultivation was not harmed. Otherwise, it would have been a serious matter. As a True Disciple with significant accomplishments, if he died or if his cultivation was destroyed, the Law Enforcement Hall would have to raise the alarm.”
“Is the opponent so cunning?” Jiang Hao asked.
He was genuinely worried now.
“Indeed, the opponent is cunning.” Liu Xingchen smiled. “Not everybody can do something like this.”
Jiang Hao understood that with the involvement of the Law Enforcement Hall, no one could escape.
“1 heard that after the incident, Senior Brother Bai Ye’s foundation has been greatly strengthened, ” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Of course. Otherwise, it would have been truly dangerous.”
After that, Liu Xingchen talked to him about the matter of the top disciples. He said that many people were vying for the position of the tenth top disciple.
Anyone with a Primordial Spirit Realm could compete.
However, their age needed to be verified, and the specific verification required a special treasure.
Jiang Hao also wanted to give it a try, but unfortunately, it wasn’t possible for him at the moment. He needed some time. But he was curious to see if Liu Xingchen would participate.
If someone in the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm participated, then no one would be able to surpass Liu Xingchen.
However, Liu Xingchen shook his head and said that he had just advanced, and his cultivation was not stable.
Jiang Hao understood that Liu Xingchen had no interest in becoming a top disciple right now.
After bidding farewell to Liu Xingchen, Jiang Hao arrived at the Spirit Herb Garden.
As expected, he encountered the two members of the Divine Corpse Sect.
“Greetings, Seniors.”
“Friend Jiang, how is your progress in formations?” Gu Cheng greeted him with a smile.
“I have a basic understanding now,” Jiang Hao said modestly.
“That’s good. If you have any questions, you can ask me. I have free time,” Gu Cheng said generously.
“Thank you, Senior.”
He understood that he was just offering out of politeness. If Jiang Hao sought his help, it would mean he lacked intellect.
“In that case, let me explain the follow-up steps to you,” Qing You said.
“Okay.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Then they entered the small pavilion in the garden.
The new formation was quickly drawn, and the explanation began. Since he had already grasped the previous formation, this one was much easier to understand.
Jiang Hao only asked a few questions.
This made Qing You frown. She felt as though Jiang Hao was pretending to understand her explanation, even though nothing registered in his mind. She didn’t say anything.
It took a whole day, but she finally finished her explanation. “This formation is related to your life and death. If you can’t learn it, I advise you not to enter the
Corpse Realm.”
‘Did I ask too many questions?’ Jiang Hao thanked her for the warning.
After seeing them off, he recorded the formation. Although he had a rough understanding of it, he still felt that it was not enough.
He needed to be more prepared if it was something concerning life and death.
Starting tomorrow, he would go to the Lawless Tower to find Zhuang Yuzhen.
After tending to the spirit herbs, he returned to his residence.
Just as he arrived, he felt the stone tablet vibrate. It was a notification for another gathering from Dan Yuan.
The gathering would take place in fifteen days, at midnight.
‘Fifteen days… It looks like I have to prepare,’ he thought to himself.
Every time there was a gathering, he had to find a way to present himself so the others wouldn’t be suspicious of him.
However, there was no one from the gathering in the Hidden Cloud Prefecture. That made him feel a little safe.
The stone tablet could lock on one’s location. So, if anyone else with a stone tablet was close, they could sense the location of the next person holding the stone tablet.
There were ways to prevent this. Jiang Hao could do it.
The next day, Jiang Hao arrived at the Lawless Tower. “Shall I teach you the second formation?” Zhuang Yuzhen asked. “I always feel like I can’t grasp it,” Jiang Hao said as he sat down. “Do you have any wine?” Zhuang Yuzhen looked tired.
“Wait a moment.” Jiang Hao got up and left.
Zhuang Yuzhen felt a bit worried. He was afraid that he wouldn’t return.
However, half an hour later, Jiang Hao came back with three jars of wine.
Zhuang Yuzhen started drinking. “This tastes awful.”
“Tell me about this formation,” said Jiang Hao.
“This formation isn’t difficult.” Zhuang Yuzhen put the wine down. “But if you want to grasp it completely, you need to understand the formation of the Human Yuan Array. The Heavenly Yuan can control the heavenly aspects. The Earthly Yuan can control earthly conditions. The Human Yuan can control the variables. The unity of the three Yuans encompasses the evolution of all things and can deduce the beginning of heaven and earth. The Human Yuan is the beginning of all variables, situated between heaven and earth. It can touch the heavenly aspects above and interact with the earthly conditions below. Therefore, it can coordinate the universe, conform to the great Dao, and create life and transformation. So, the Human Yuan Formation you are learning can actually connect to the Heavenly Yuan and activate the Earthly Yuan. A slight mistake can bring about destruction. To fully grasp these changes, you need to thoroughly understand these simple formations.”
‘Simple…’ Jiang Hao sighed.
He always felt embarrassed when learning about formations..