Chapter 279: Gui Infiltrates the Heavenly Note Sect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
For half a month, Jiang Hao had been studying formations with Zhuang Yuzhen.
The Three Elements Formation was much more complicated than he had expected.
Zhuang Yuzhen’s explanations only scratched the surface. Mainly because Jiang Hao couldn’t understand anything, which left him greatly disappointed.
He was aware of his own limitations, but for the sake of his future safety, he continued to study diligently.
His knowledge of formations had indeed become much stronger than before.
“Now you’ve learned almost everything, but you still lack a certain agility, which cannot be forced through talent. However, you can continue practicing various changes to compensate for your lack of experience,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
Jiang Hao closed his eyes, and in an instant, the formations he had learned began to appear in his mind.
As they evolved, the formations in his mind became increasingly complex.
Looking at these formations, Jiang Hao felt stressed.
He had memorized them all, but he couldn’t make them undergo any changes. His talent was indeed just average.
But it wasn’t the same for learning talismans.
‘Does that mean I actually have good talent for creating talismans?’
It seemed that relying on formations to make money was out of the question. When he opened his eyes, he heard Zhuang Yuzhen’s voice. “How do you feel?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. He had so many questions he wanted to ask.
It was evening now, and he still had plenty of time.
At that moment, a voice shouted from a corner. The guards were bringing someone in.
“Let me out! You beasts, what’s the point of tormenting me like this? Just kill me. You beasts from the demonic sect!”
Jiang Hao saw a bearded man struggling frantically. His face was pale, and he looked frail.
Jiang Hao recognized him. It was Hai Luo, the man who had been bragging about breaking free from this tower a few days ago.
Now, it seemed that he had reached the late stage of the Primordial Spirit
Realm.
How long had it been?
Bang!
Hai Luo was locked in Room 2. He was now Zhuang Yuzhen’s neighbor.
“It seems you have company now,” Jiang Hao said with a smile.
“Surprised? Do you think you’re the only one worthy of my company?” Zhuang Yuzhen smirked.
Jiang Hao chuckled.
He remembered that when he first arrived, Zhuang Yuzhen had struggled even more frantically than Hai Luo.
Bang! Bang!
Hai Luo pounded his fists on the ground. “Let me out! Let me out! You beasts! Once my people arrive, you’ll all die! I will raze the entire Heavenly Note Sect to the ground. You dare to ambush me?! Have the guts to face me head-on.”
Zhuang Yuzhen looked at Hai Luo and felt that he was looking at himself. He also wanted to raze the Heavenly Note Sect to the ground.
Jiang Hao felt that Hai Luo posed a certain level of danger and decided to appraise him.
[Hai Luo: One of the Twelve Heavenly Kings of the Heavenly River Sea. His cultivation was dissolved and absorbed by the Lawless Tower, leaving only the power of the late sage of the Primordial Spirit Realm at his disposal. He came to the Southern Region for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl but was caught by Baizhi. He was then imprisoned. The people who cooperate with him will arrive one after another to search for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.]
‘One of the Twelve Heavenly Kings of the Heavenly River Sea?’
Jiang Hao had never heard of that before.
However, Liu mentioned that overseas people coveted the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
What surprised him was that the Heavenly Note Sect actually captured people outside and brought them into the Lawless Tower.
The Heavenly Note Sect could still hold its ground in the Southern Region.
They were more than capable of dealing with the Blackheaven Sect or the Sunset Immortal Sect.
However, when facing the northern sects and people from overseas, the Heavenly Note Sect had insufficient manpower.
Was it really okay to offend so many people?
Elder Baizhi must be aware of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have taken action so quickly.
“Where are you from?” Zhuang Yuzhen asked curiously.
“Who the hell are you? Do I need to tell you where I’m from?” Hai Luo said coldly.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
Why were these people so stubborn?
But he didn’t have any leverage over the new captive, so he remained quiet.
Although Hai Luo had come seeking the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, no one knew that the pearl was actually in the Heavenly Note Sect.
Also, no one knew who had it.
Zhuang Yuzhen looked at Hai Luo in contempt. “So… you’re just a small fry.”
“Tell me again, what makes you so arrogant when we’re all prisoners?” Hai Luo retorted.
In this tower, everyone was equal. Because their cultivation had been stripped away. They were all treated like animals anyway.
Jiang Hao sighed inwardly and turned to leave the Lawless Tower.
Tonight was the gathering, and he needed to make his preparations. He could continue learning about formations tomorrow.
As he left, he saw a woman in a black robe walking in. He quickly lowered his head in respect.
She was often in the tower and was in charge of interrogating important captives.
The woman nodded slightly, acknowledging his greeting.
Then she walked straight to the prison cells. And then came Hai Luo’s cry of surprise. “It’s you again? Let me tell you—” Crack!
The sound of a whip echoed in the hall.
Jiang Hao quickly left.
He didn’t dare to look.
At midnight, Jiang Hao entered the stone tablet.
When the other three arrived, he followed them and began to pay his respects to Dan Yuan.
“Senior Dan Yuan.”
Indeed, Dan Yuan deserved their respect. So far, they had gained so much from him.
Dan Yuan smiled. “Do any of you have any difficulties with your cultivation? “Senior, if I hide my cultivation, how can I attack without arousing suspicion? Gui asked.
“After your cultivation improves, there will naturally be many changes. Even if you hide your cultivation, there will still be traces left behind. It depends on the concealment technique. If the technique is average, it can counteract the changes brought about by the Primordial Spirit.” Dan Yuan explained.
‘Not only that, but there were also the fluctuations in spiritual energy, the impact of breathing, the flow of blood energy, the gaze, the extension of the mind, changes in behavior and movement, and being vigilant about fluctuations in spiritual energy during action and physical changes, and so on. Only then could one truly conceal their cultivation.’ Jiang Hao couldn’t say these things aloud. Even if he did, they wouldn’t be able to grasp them unless he gave them the nameless manual. But he wouldn’t give it to them ever!
Gui nodded.
Liu and Xing were busy with their clone technique and studying secret arts.
Finally, Dan Yuan’s gaze fell on Jiang Hao.
After hesitating for a moment, Jiang Hao asked, “What is needed to improve proficiency in formations?”
“Proficiency in formations?” Dan Yuan thought for a moment. “Talent, a renowned teacher, diligence, sufficient time, and an abundance of formations. Analyzing formations can help understand their structure, and sufficient talent can enable one to extrapolate from one formation to another. If the talent is lacking, you will be missing a bit of flexibility.
In that case, there is only one path: spend more time analyzing formations and the more you understand, the higher your proficiency will be.”
‘Analyzing formations?’ Jiang Hao thought for a moment and realized that the Heavenly Note Sect didn’t have that many formations.
There were many formation masters in the sect, but there was no specialized branch for teaching formations.
Even if there was, he wouldn’t spend his time learning it.
Learning basic formations was not as good as studying talismans.
Seeing that no one else asked any questions, Dan Yuan said, “Then let’s talk about something else. Any news about the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower or the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl?”
Everyone shook their heads.
“Then let me talk about the new mission. Enter the Corpse Realm and find something. Can anyone enter it?” Jiang Hao felt that he could try to complete this task.
But he didn’t want to reveal anything right now.
Gui suddenly said, “I can try. I already have the qualification to enter the
Corpse Realm.”
Jiang Hao was shocked. ‘How is that possible?!’
Gui was in the Heavenly South Prefecture, and the Heavenly South Prefecture was right next to the Hidden Cloud Prefecture.
She was also in the southern region!
But where else could she find the Corpse Realm Flower?
It seemed that only the Heavenly Note Sect had it right now.. Was she already in the Heavenly Note Sect?