Chapter 280: Finding Gui
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
If Gui had the proper qualifications to enter the Corpse Realm, it was highly likely she was already in the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao wondered how she had made it here. There were two possibilities.
First, she belonged to the Heavenly Note Sect. Second, she gained entry through another force.
Regardless, she certainly wouldn’t be using her true identity.
With numerous people in the Heavenly Note Sect, selecting one would be extremely difficult.
But if she was pretending to be someone from the Divine Corpse Sect, she might have an 80% chance of getting in.
He had heard that all twenty-two disciples of the Divine Corpse Sect were going to enter the Corpse Realm, along with twenty-six from the Heavenly Note Sect.
‘Maybe Gui killed the people from before!’
Jiang Hao felt a chill down his spine. Fortunately, his stone tablet couldn’t be tracked.
There’s another question in his mind. ‘If Gui is discovered, will Hong Yuye take action against her?’
He was no match for Gui, and Hong Yuye never made a move by herself.
Jiang Hao felt it was not suitable for Hong Yuye to intervene just yet.
Moreover, if something happened to Gui, others might suspect him. The undercover mission would fail. He should take it slowly.
The top priority was to find her first.
“Gui, you can enter the Corpse Realm?” Liu looked surprised.
“I inquired about the Corpse Realm Flowers and found out that the realm is related to the flowers. In the south, only the place mentioned by Friend Jing has the flowers.”
Gui smiled at him. “Friend Jing, do you have the qualifications to enter too?”
‘Is she testing me?’ Jiang Hao didn’t answer her directly. “It seems you started preparing right after learning about the Divine Corpse Sect, Gui.”
Gui smiled and remained silent.
“Now that Gui is getting close to that place, I must ask… Have you seen or heard anything about the heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower?” asked Xing.
Jiang Hao had wanted to ask the same thing but didn’t want to appear suspicious.
“No.” Gui shook her head with a sigh. “I don’t have a treasure to explore the
Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower, so I can’t find its location. But the Heavenly Note Sect is quite dangerous. After over a hundred years of development, it has become more terrifying. Give them a little more time, and they will be able to confront the Blackheaven Sect and other sects head-on.”
The others were surprised but didn’t say much.
“After entering the Corpse Realm, head to the Heavenly Stele Mountain and carve the contents of the sixth stone tablet from the foot of the mountain. As for the reward, information, techniques, secret arts, and pills are all acceptable in exchange. ”
“Senior, can I ask for the Snow God Pill?” Gui asked.
“You can.” Dan Yuan smiled.
That surprised everyone. The Snow God Pill could only be used once and was super rare.
“But there’s one thing you need to pay attention to…” Dan Yuan looked at everyone. “The surface contents of the sixth stone tablet are not the true
Jiang Hao knew about that. The person entrusted with the information doesn’t obtain the true contents of the sixth stone tablet.
He wanted to use others to obtain the true contents to perfect his secret arts and techniques.
Gui nodded in agreement.
“In addition, there’s another task, which is to find the person seeking the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. Any information about overseas or any other faction is acceptable,” Dan Yuan said calmly. “You can ask me any doubts you have about any aspect.”
That includes various questions, such as how to make the land fertile or more details about the Crimson Feather Divine Pill.
Jiang Hao knew of a name, so if he had any questions in the future, he could exchange the name for an answer to his doubt.
Liu had been paying attention to this. “I do know one person, Hai Luo, one of the Twelve Kings of the Heavenly River Sea Area. This person is very high-profile and has already entered the southern region. I don’t know much beyond that.”
‘He has already been captured…’ Jiang Hao couldn’t say that aloud.
“As long as we capture him, we can learn more about other people. The King of the Sea has a fatal weakness. Every hundred years, he becomes infatuated with a woman. A few years ago, he became infatuated with a woman in the Foundation Establishment Realm, and he hid her very well. I happened to encounter her at the Heavenly Immortal Pavilion on Tranquil Island. I asked for her name. It’s Miao Anxian,” Liu said.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
Liu looked robust and muscular, and he seemed particularly interested in talking about women.
Jiang Hao could make good use of this information and have a heart-to-heart with the Sea King.
As for the list, Elder Baizhi should already be handling it. He didn’t need to intervene.
If he can obtain one or two names, he can exchange them for some answers. Dan Yuan nodded. “Do you want to ask your question now or later?”
“Later,” Liu said.
He wanted to focus on his cultivation, and some of his questions required a price to be paid. He would save those questions for later.
After the tasks were completed, it was time for trading information among the group.
“Should I reveal this to everyone or just you?” asked Liu.
“Just me,” Jiang Hao said.
Stone tablets appeared beside them. After Liu let go, Jiang Hao placed his hand on the stone.
Many words and phrases appeared in his mind.
“The End of All Things, the pursuit of ultimate destruction, is a kind of existence similar to a sect…”
Jiang Hao didn’t read it very carefully. He just memorized it. He would write everything down when he returned. Then he could take a closer look. “Is it information about the End of All Things?” Xing suddenly asked.
Jiang Hao nodded.
“I have some information about it as well,” Xing said.
“What do I need to give in return?” Jiang Hao had his doubts. It would be easy to expose himself this way.
“Previously, I was pursuing a group of people. Most of them were severely injured and imprisoned overseas. Only one person escaped and headed to the southern region. I hope you can keep an eye out for this person, Friend Jing. The name is Gu Qing,” Xing said.
“Alright.” Jiang Hao nodded without hesitation.
Although he didn’t want to take on this task, he had no choice.
Fortunately, it was just a matter of remaining alert.
“Good. I recently obtained a secret code. It’s the communication code among some disciples of the End of All Things. It can be used to find other people,” Xing said, looking toward Dan Yuan.
At this moment, the stone tablet appeared again.
Jiang Hao successfully obtained the secret code.
“The Heavenly Extreme, The End of All Things.”
“This secret code will probably change after a while, so if you want to use it, you should do so as soon as possible. It could be as short as three months or as long as three years,” said Xing.
Jiang Hao nodded. This was quite the gain.
After the trading was completed, the group began discussing the situation in their respective regions.
“Do you remember when I said the Bright Moon Sect recruited a talented disciple?” Xing looked at everyone eagerly.
“It is said that she is even more talented than expected. She has exceptional talent, a special physique, astonishing comprehension, and is surrounded by great fortune. The upper echelons of the Bright Moon Sect are fighting to decide who gets to take her as a disciple..”