Chapter 281: Blessing of The Heaven And Earth
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao thought of Chu Jie.
Is she really that talented?
Back then, he had only appraised Chu Chuan and not Chu Jie.
If she is truly that exceptional, it seems that Chu Chuan won’t be able to catch up to her in a short time.
Fortunately, he wasn’t thinking about catching up to her. He only wanted to enter the Foundation Establishment Realm when he finally went to the Bright Moon Sect.
Although it would be difficult, there was hope.
“The Bright Moon Sect can go through all that trouble for just one disciple?” Gui couldn’t believe it.
“That’s because you don’t know how talented she is. It is said that when she first entered the Stellar Cave, she comprehended the Sun and Moon Lifeblood Refining Technique in one go and reached the ninth stage of cultivation. For her, entering the Foundation Establishment Realm is as easy as breathing,” said Xing.
‘The ninth stage…’
The Bright Moon Sect had different lifeblood refinement techniques. The higher the stage, the faster the cultivation process.
Lin Zhi was currently in the third stage and was still practicing the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refinement Technique.
The Sun and Moon Lifeblood Refining Technique must be one of the core methods.
To reach the ninth stage in one go was a difference between heaven and earth when compared to Lin Zhi and even Chu Chuan.
If it really was Chu Jie, it should be very easy for her to take Chu Chuan into the Bright Moon Sect.
Whether Chu Chuan chose to stay there or not was his decision.
As long as the Bright Moon Sect agreed to acceDt him. thev would be
responsible for his well-being.
They will also settle everything with the Heavenly Note Sect.
Jiang Hao had dealt with them before. They weren’t aggressive people. They preferred to do things in a way that didn’t cause any trouble for both sides.
It was vastly different from how demonic sects handled things. They always wanted to dominate the other person while negotiating.
“When is the Bright Moon Sect’s conference?” Gui asked.
“I’m not sure, but the invitations have been sent out. Each invitation will have a date and time. This time, the invitations have been distributed all over the north, south, east, and west. All big sects will receive an invitation,” said Xing. “I feel that they want to help that talented disciple and help her receive the blessing of heaven and earth.”
‘Blessing of heaven and earth.. ‘ Jiang Hao was surprised.
He had met two people who received the blessing of heaven and earth.
One was Han Ming, who received the blessing of the mountains and rivers. The other one was Xuanyuan Tai, who had the blessing of the mountain and seas.
He had always thought that these were innate abilities. He didn’t know such blessings could be obtained.
Heaven and Earth’s blessing clearly surpassed the blessing of the mountains and rivers.
“Then I still have time. After I come out of the Corpse Realm, I can go and take a look. The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl is in the south, so I have to leave anyway.” Gui looked at everyone. “Do any of you have any information about the Corpse Realm? If you do, please let me know. If I can complete the Heavenly Stele Mountain mission, I can share the rewards.”
“How about sharing the Snow God Pill?” Liu laughed.
“We can change it to something else,” Gui said. “By the way, it’s better for you all to cause less trouble in the Heavenly Note Sect in the future. I feel that there are many rules here. It’s the first time I’ve seen such severe punishment for killing fellow disciples, and this is still a demonic sect. It’s different from what you thought. Their Law Enforcement Hall is quite unique. They find the truth no matter what. Even if this is a demonic sect, no one goes around killing their own. Other demonic sects don’t care. They might disappear soon if they continue like this.”
Jiang Hao agreed. He didn’t dare kill people recklessly.
“Is the Heavenly Note Sect really that strong?” Xing was surprised.
“They’re not that strong. The famous Sect Master of the Heavenly Note is always in seclusion. Whether it’s for advancement or recovery after being heavily injured several decades ago, no one knows. Whatever the case, the Heavenly Note Sect isn’t considered very strong at the moment, but they shouldn’t be underestimated either. Their potential is very high. They just need time,” said Gui.
Jiang Hao agreed with her. The Heavenly Note Sect lacked a solid foundation. After all, it had only been established a few decades ago.
The disciples were also powerful, especially the top ten disciples. Although they might not be strong when compared to the other sects, they could hold their ground in a fight.
Moreover, they hadn’t been recruited but had grown up with the Heavenly Note Sect. Each one of them had earned their reputation.
Even after Manlong’s deception, they remained strong.
Manlong had fought with Xuanyuan Tai, after all.
Everyone nodded.
Liu continued to talk about overseas matters. There was something strange happening there.
Things were emerging from the seabed.
However, no one had figured out the situation beneath the sea for now.
Jiang Hao listened to their conversation.
Once again, he was just a bystander and didn’t have a chance to reveal any important information.
‘Next time, I should observe the surrounding situation and share some important news.’
“Let’s end today’s gathering here,” said Dan Yuan after a while.
After bidding farewell to Senior Dan Yuan, Jiang Hao left.
As soon as he came out, he took out a blank notebook and began to write the information down. He wanted to write about the End of All Things. He also wrote down the secret code.
This secret phrase was represented by obscure symbols.
After transcribing everything, Jiang Hao began to take stock of his gains from this gathering.
First, there was the information about the End of All Things.
Secondly, there was information about the Heavenly King, Hai Luo, which he could use as leverage.
Moreover, there was the fact that Gui was in the Heavenly Note Sect.
The news about Chu Jie and the overseas situation didn’t count as significant gains.
He now had three tasks.
First, He needed to enter the Corpse Realm and find the sixth stone tablet on Heavenly Stele Mountain to record its true content.
Second, to find the list of people searching for the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
Third, to keep an eye on a person named Gu Qing, who had dealings with Xing. Apart from these, he also received a reminder from Gui to find out more about the Corpse Realm.
The Divine Corpse Sect would definitely have more information. He could obtain a more detailed explanation from Zhuang Yuzhen.
He was also curious about whether the Bright Moon Sect would invite the Heavenly Note Sect to their conference.
According to Xing, all major sects would be invited.
The Heavenly Note Sect was a major sect both in terms of scale and strength. Jiang Hao only had to wait and see if they would be invited.
After that, he carefully reviewed the information about the End of All Things.
“The End of All Things pursues ultimate destruction. It is an existence similar to a sect, with core members and countless outer disciples. From major sects with hundreds of disciples to small sects and various descendants, they have people everywhere. They resent everything and are dissatisfied with their own status. They want to find everything that can destroy living beings. This includes the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.”
“The End of All Things will search for various seals to release all living beings sealed within and hope to bring destruction to the world. In recent years, they have been collecting all kinds of unlucky items. They must have a goal. Most of the core members of the end of all things are active overseas, seemingly to evade pursuit by others. There are also rumors that a core member has not returned after entering the depths of the sea mist. The reason they occupy overseas territories is to find this important person.
“One of the Twelve Heavenly Kings from overseas, Hideki Momaki, is most likely one of the core members.”
Jiang Hao frowned. Why would such people be investigating the Heavenly Note Sect?
The Great Thousand God Sect was using the stone tablet to investigate the
Heavenly Note Sect, and the mastermind behind it was the End of All Things. But why would an extreme group like the End Of All Things spend so much effort investigating the Heavenly Note Sect?
However, this indicated that they were probably not the mastermind behind the stone tablet.
Hong Yuye was looking for the true mastermind behind the stone tablet.
‘The secret code on the stone tablet might have been given to the Great Thousand God Sect by the End of All Things. I should also investigate where they got the stone tablet from.’
After that, Jiang Hao began to make talismans. Tomorrow, he would go and find Zhuang Yuzhen and see if the Heavenly King, Hai Luo, was in good spirits to talk.
As for Gui, he didn’t want to find her rashly. He might just fall into her trap..