Chapter 282: Are You Worthy?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The next day, Jiang Hao headed to the Lawless Tower after finishing his work at the Spirit Herb Garden.
He wanted to study formations with Zhuang Yuzhen and also visit Heavenly King Hai Luo.
Whether he should use threats would depend on the situation. If he did need to use threats, he had already thought of one.
He could push the blame on Yan Hua as many people believed they were in cahoots with each other. She was already dead, so it wasn’t like she could confirm his claims.
‘It’s risky… I wonder how Elder Baizhi will take it.’
So far, Elder Baizhi had remained neutral about everything. Jiang Hao didn’t know how much she knew about everything.
Only Liu Xingchen and Ming Yi had tried to get close to him so far. They seemed fine for now.
He didn’t know if they suspected him of anything yet.
Then there was Hong Yuye. Jiang Hao didn’t know if Elder Baizhi had noticed anything.
If Elder Baizhi discovered it, things would actually be easier for Jiang Hao.
Unfortunately, he had no way of finding out, and he couldn’t act rashly.
If Elder Baizhi knew that Hong Yuye had made him go undercover, what would she do?
In any case, there would be no good outcome.
Among powerful individuals, he was weak and had no say in anything.
He should become stronger first.
On the fifth floor of the Lawless Tower, Jiang Hao sat in front of the first prison cell once again.
He glanced at the adjacent cell, where the Heavenly King Hai Luo leaned against the wall. He looked despondent.
It seemed that he didn’t like it here.
“Senior, I’m here to learn formations again,” Jiang Hao said.
“What about the wine?” Zhuang Yuzhen raised his head. He was exhausted.
The Lawless Tower was like purgatory, where one had to endure endless despair. But they couldn’t even die to end it.
At this moment, Jiang Hao placed three jars of wine in front of Zhuang Yuzhen.
“You’ve actually learned the formations quite well. It’s more about variation, but you can’t comprehend that.” Zhuang Yuzhen shook his head and sighed.
That was the limit of talent. Without that talent, it was extremely difficult to reach new heights in what he learned.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. He didn’t have many aspirations. He preferred making talismans anyway. He could at least earn spirit stones from that.
At present, he had more than four thousand spirit stones. If he continued to save up, he would soon have ten or twenty thousand spirit stones in his hands. Since he didn’t need to focus on the peach tree’s incarnation just yet, he could spend it on other things. Maybe some valuable seeds.
If he went and bought it by himself, it would attract attention. However, it would be a good investment. He would have to spend some money on spirit liquid, but it would give him some blue bubbles.
He needed to visit the Candlelight Pill Pavilion for it. It would have been impossible to do so in the past, but because of the spirit beast, he had unexpectedly established a good relationship with Lian Daozhi.
However, everything would depend on the timing.
Top-quality spirit herb seeds were extremely precious, and they wouldn’t let just anyone cultivate them.
“Senior, you’re too obsessed with talent,” Jiang Hao said softly.
“Do you think that one can catch up through effort? It’s almost impossible.
Sometimes, a bit of natural aptitude can determine the heights one can reach.” Zhuang Yuzhen smiled wearily. “I don’t think so, Senior.”
Zhuang Yuzhen looked confused.
“What I mean is, since I have other talents, there is no need to be too obsessed with just one thing. When one door closes, another one opens. Chasing after the closed window is not as worthwhile as focusing on the open door.”
Zhuang Yuzhen looked at the young man in front of him with surprise. “How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-five,” Jiang Hao said.
It was early November. He would turn twenty-six in two months.
He hadn’t realized how quickly six years had passed after he reached the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Six years ago, when he met Hong Yuye, he was only at the eighth stage of the Lifeblood Refinement Realm.
It was from that time that his troubles and opportunities both increased.
In just over six years, he had reached the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Aside from him, there was one person whose speed of advancement was astonishing. That was Liu Xingchen.
When he first met Liu Xingchen, he was at the peak of the Golden Core Realm. Six years later, he was already in the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. It was simply unbelievable.
If he continued to consume souls in this manner, he would probably reach the peak stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm in just a few years.
He was truly worthy of being called a True Disciple.
“Twenty-five years old and at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm? The first time I saw you, you were already at that stage. Does that mean you reached the Foundation Establishment Realm a year or two ago? Are you really that talented?” asked Zhuang Yuzhen curiously.
Jiang Hao shook his head. “It’s just because of some opportunities that I encountered.”
“The only way is to voluntarily fall into decline,” said Hai Luo with a sneer. “If you have poor talent, you work hard and try to strive for success. And for what? Most things aren’t changeable. You will remain where you always are. We strive to change our weak and short-lived selves. It’s useless. Just submit to the heavens.”
Jiang Hao looked at him. “Senior, have you ever thought that becoming stronger in cultivation might also be a means of hope given by the “heaven” you talk about?”
Hai Luo was momentarily stunned. He felt like Jiang Ha was mocking him.
Zhuang Yuzhen looked at Jiang Hao. He felt that it wasn’t just a coincidence that Jiang Hao was chosen to raise the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower.
Hai Luo recovered from his shock and glared at Jiang Hao. “What a joke! You think a simple sentence can shake my determination?! What does someone in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm understand about life? Even if my cultivation has dropped to this level, I can still suppress you with one hand. If you dare, release me, and I’ll crush you!”
Jiang Hao just stared at him without a word.
That seemed to annoy Hai Luo. “Why don’t you come to consult with me? Do you look down on me? Do you know who I am? You should understand that I have a noble background and know many powerful individuals. I have connections.”
“And who are you, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I come from the Heavenly River Sea Region. I am one of the Twelve Heavenly Kings of the sea region, and I command many powerful individuals. You can either call me Hai Luo, or the Heavenly King. I’m fine with both.”
“Trash!” Zhuang Yuzhen sneered.
“You b*stard! Try saying that again!” shouted Hai Luo. “You, a mere Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator, dare to challenge me? Release me, and I’ll beat this old b*stard to death!”
“Ha ha ha,” said Zhuang Yuzhen mockingly. “Just wait a while. When you reach the Golden Core Realm, I’ll still be at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.’
“Just tell me if you can match me in a fight right now! ”
Jiang Hao sighed. He was curious about the Twelve Heavenly Kings. However, he had to prioritize learning about formations for now.
“Senior, can you be quiet for a while? I need to study formations,” Jiang Hao said to Hai Luo.
“Huh?” Hai Luo sneered. “Kid, who do you think you are? Do you think you have the authority to ask me to be quiet? Are you even worthy?”
Jiang Hao was speechless. However, Hai Luo was right.
After all, he was one of the Twelve Heavenly Kings of the Heavenly River Sea Region, while he was just an inner sect disciple of the Heavenly Note Sect. He had no authority.
He got up, smiled, and walked to the second cell. He beckoned to Hai Luo.
Zhuang Yuzhen’s face instantly turned pale. He knew that gesture. Every time Jiang Hao beckoned to him, he would drop a truth bomb. He was curious whether Hai Luo would feel the same..