Chapter 283: Absolutely Impossible
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“I forgot again… you can’t get closer than that,” muttered Jiang Hao and put his hand down. “Now, I’ll say three words. After you hear them, you will consider behaving a little better with me. It would be good if you let me study formations quietly.”
“What did you say?” Hai Luo sneered. “Are you joking? Have you lost your mind?”
“Senior, listen carefully,” Jiang Hao said.
“Go ahead then. Speak!” Hai Luo still leaned in close. “Let me see which three words you have.”
Jiang Hao uttered the name of an island in Hai Luo’s ears.
The moment he heard the name, he burst into laughter. “What a joke! Do you think you can threaten me with that? You want to shut me up with that?! Are you an idiot?”
Jiang Hao was puzzled. It seemed that either the information he received might have been wrong, or he couldn’t threaten Hai Luo with it.
Just as he was about to appraise Hai Luo, he said, “So, you just need me to be quiet, right?”
After that, Hai Luo didn’t speak again.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
Zhuang Yuzhen thought that someone was finally resisting Jiang Hao, but it seemed that Hai Luo was just being a jerk. He at least put up some resistance.
Jiang Hao was also surprised. It seemed that the information that he had gotten from Liu was indeed valuable.
This time, he didn’t have to pay a price. The gathering was more useful than expected.
“Senior, we can continue now,” Jiang Hao said as he approached Zhuang
Yuzhen.
“Alright.” Zhuang Yuzhen continued to teach him formations.
He deconstructed and demonstrated the changes based on what Jiang Hao had learned.
When Jiang Hao had learned enough, Zhuang Yuzhen said, “The opening of the Corpse Realm is roughly at the beginning of the year. You don’t have much time left, and you need to master everything as soon as possible. It will be convenient for you to visit different places then.”
“At the beginning of the year?”
There were still over two months left. He hoped there wouldn’t be any new trouble during these two months.
In the middle of November, Jiang Hao met Gu Cheng and Qing You.
“Greetings, Seniors.”
“Did you master the formations from last month?” Qing You asked.
“I have a basic grasp of them.” Jiang Hao nodded.
Qing You looked at him doubtfully, but she didn’t say anything.
“Now, we will teach you the most important part. Once you master this part, you will be able to go to the safe zone. The people there are mostly at the Foundation Establishment Realm. If you are careful, you may encounter many opportunities. But to master this formation, you need the foundation of the previous two formations. Otherwise, no matter what I say, you may not understand it.”
“Thank you, Senior,” Jiang Hao said.
Qing You felt that she had said enough. She began to draw the formation while explaining it.
This formation was a crucial part of the Human Yuan Formation.
It had many variations, and it was difficult to master the basics. They estimated that it would take about two or three days to master it.
“This kind of change needs to be avoided by switching positions.” Qing You pointed to the formation. “There are roughly three positions where you can avoid the effects of the formation and enter the safe zone.”
“Three positions?” Jiang Hao pointed to a spot away from the formation. “Can we do it here too? Logically speaking, the first three transformations required one to dodge back and forth. However, after entering this place, one could use the change in the array formation at the beginning to jump to a safe zone and evade random teleportation.”
“You can, but once you enter that, you will face the storm of the Human Yuan Formation. The situation then becomes… complicated,” Qing You said.
“Is it possible to find a weak spot within the storm and still enter it easily?” Jiang Hao asked.
This was based on Zhuang Yuzhen’s teachings. He wanted to verify it.
Qing You nodded and fell into deep thought. She then froze. She raised her head and looked at Jiang Hao in disbelief. “Senior, is something wrong?” Jiang Hao asked.
“No… nothing.” Qing You shook her head.
She was shocked. ‘What’s going on? Why is this happening?’
Jiang Hao’s question was enough to indicate that he wasn’t just putting on a show and that he had mastered the other two formations. He had not only mastered it but also could make changes to it according to his understanding!
She was surprised to see his speedy progress. Even if he had spent all his time studying, he couldn’t progress in his understanding of formations so quickly.
She couldn’t understand it, but she still tried to teach him.
They made rapid progress throughout the day and deconstructed and analyzed the formations.
It seemed that both of them had a considerable understanding of the formations now.
When Qing You and Gu Cheng left, Qing You was still deep in thought.
She turned to Gu Cheng apprehensively. “Senior Brother, do you think we were too arrogant? When I see someone inferior to us suddenly rise to the same level, I feel… fear. It’s like witnessing something beyond ordinary… something extraordinary. And the terror of underestimating others… If it wasn’t about formations but cultivation, and if I made enemies out of him, I…
“That’s why the elders told us to restrain ourselves and not to underestimate anyone because of our sect’s influence. We should remain vigilant and establish good relations with others. In any case, it’s best to avoid conflicts,” Gu Cheng said.
He was also quite surprised. He had always felt that Jiang Hao was more than what he appeared to be. He must have been guided by an expert in his journey to learn formation.
Jiang Hao watched them leave, tidied up the formations, and then went to the Lawless Tower. He wanted to master the new formations quickly.
Whenever he visited, Hai Luo was always polite after the last incident.
When Zhuang Yuzhen taught Jiang Hao, he remained quiet.
Occasionally, he would chime in with his insights regarding formations. Jiang Hao felt that his occasional tips were rather helpful.
He felt that everyone’s formations were excellent and couldn’t help but envy them to some extent. It took him a month to master the three formations. Now, he could easily enter the Corpse Realm.
If he didn’t wander around, there would be little danger. Opportunities, on the other hand, depended on luck and competition.
“Starting tomorrow, I can show you the map of the Corpse Realm,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
Jiang Hao thanked him and once again mentioned that Qu Zhong was still at large.
If Qu Zhong was free, Zhuang Yuzhen still had hope.
After leaving the Lawless Tower, Jiang Hao went straight to the Hundred Bones Forest.
It was now the middle of December.
It had been three months since Bai Ye had been seriously injured.
In about another month, the Corpse Realm would potentially open.
According to Zhuang Yuzhen, once inside, it would take at least half a year to come out of it.
So, he only had this chance to seal Bai Ye’s cultivation.
Outside the valley, Jiang Hao held a long spear in his hand.
He wanted to use only one spear, but for safety reasons, he took out another one.
In the valley, Bai Ye sat in the courtyard and gazed up at the starry sky. He was lost in thought.
“Senior Brother, your injuries haven’t healed yet. Why do you keep coming out to the courtyard?” Lian Qin asked.
“I just need to confirm one thing, ” he said.
“What is it?” Lian Qin asked in confusion.
“I need to confirm why I was attacked,” Bai Ye said as he looked into the distance.
His eyes narrowed. A purple light broke through the formation once again and whizzed toward him.
Even with the reinforced formation, it was still no match for the opponent’s long spear..