Chapter 284: Sealing Technique
Watching the long spear whistling towards him, Bai Ye struggled to get up and began to defend himself.
His movements were fast. Various defenses and treasures appeared once again.
In the blink of an eye, the long spear collided with the defenses.
Bang!
A crisp sound rang out as the defenses shattered, and the treasures turned to powder on the spot.
The long spear whizzed past and pierced through Bai Ye’s body.
Bang!
There was an intense pain, and purple energy inflicted heavy damage on Bai
Lian Qin exclaimed in shock. Just as she was about to approach him, there was a whistle again.
Bang!
With a loud bang, another long spear pierced through Bai Ye once again at an astonishing speed.
He screamed in agony.
Lian Qin’s face turned pale, and fear overwhelmed her.
She remembered the previous curse in Bai Ye. This was the same. It was unrelenting and debilitating.
It had only been three months since the last attack. Why would the other party strike again? Wasn’t he afraid of being discovered?
Lian Qin approached Bai Ye anxiously. “Senior Brother Bai Ye…”
Bai Ye gritted his teeth and endured the pain. He occasionally let out cries of agony.
He lay on the ground and grasped Lian Qin’s hands. “I understand now. I get
it…”
“Senior Brother, what are you talking about?” Lian Qin looked puzzled.
“It’s a Sealing Technique,” Bai Ye said with a painful realization. “He wants to seal my cultivation and prevent me from making any progress. An eye for an eye.”
‘Sealing Technique?’ Lian Qin was afraid. If it was really the case, how terrifying was this person?
Something was not right. There shouldn’t be someone so powerful.
“I can’t be wrong this time,” said Bai Ye weakly. “Please… let me go to the Cliff of Broken Hearts… to find some clues.”
Jiang Hao had already left the Hundred Bones Forest.
‘The formation has indeed been strengthened, but fortunately, not too much. Otherwise, it would be troublesome. This is the second attack. They might be waiting for me next time. I have to be more careful and change the time.’
‘Maybe I’ll delay it for another year. Jumping one year in three months… no one will think of it. Even if someone is waiting, they will eventually get impatient.’
Jiang Hao worried about Bai Ye changing his location as he worked in the Spirit Herb Garden.
It would be troublesome to find him if he did that.
It was a pity that he did not know the art of divination. Otherwise, he could try to deduce his location.
Jiang Hao let it go. Being too greedy wasn’t good.
If his cultivation progressed rapidly, and he could earn spirit stones by making
talismans, that would be enough.
“Master, the peaches are almost finished.” The beast pointed to the few remaining fruits on the tree.
At this time, there were only a few peaches left on the tree.
It was already the middle of December, and they were a bit slower in stealing them. But they didn’t dare to take them all.
Jiang Hao had made it clear that a few must be left behind on the tree.
After hesitating for a moment, he picked two. “Take the rest and deliver them to Xiao Li tomorrow.”
The beast responded and picked all the remaining peaches.
Most of the peaches from the peach tree ended up in Xiao Li’s tummy, with only a small portion going to Cheng Chou and the beast.
Although Xiao Li loved to eat, she was still a good child. She loved sharing.
Cheng Chou and the beast were the people she was most familiar with, so occasionally she would share with them.
Sitting on a chair in the courtyard, Jiang Hao took out a book and began to read.
Next month, he would likely enter the Corpse Realm. There were some things he needed to do as soon as possible.
For example, the secret code he had received from Liu.
Originally, he wanted to wait for Hong Yuye to visit and let her decide. But now he had no choice but to act.
The deadline was approaching, so he had to try it.
However, the fact that Gui was in the Heavenly Note Sect made him somewhat worried.
So far, he hadn’t seen any suspicious disciples from the Divine Corpse Sect.
Most of the Divine Corpse Sect disciples were distributed among the twelve branches. It was a matter to encounter anyone else except Gu Cheng and Qing You.
It was risky to seek them out.
Jiang Hao wasn’t sure where Gui was.
After hesitating for a moment, he decided to pass the secret code to the beast.
“What is this, Master?” The beast looked confused.
“It’s a secret code, ” Jiang Hao said calmly. “When I leave, find a place to write it down. Then, without being detected, see who approaches it. Remember, you must be discrete.”
“Leave it to me! No one will catch me!”
The beast indeed had the talent for disguising itself, so it was suitable for these tasks. However, its cultivation realm was indeed too low.
Jiang Hao decided to provide some protection. But soon, he realized that there was nothing suitable for the spirit beast.
“Forget it. I’ll buy something for it in the next few days.”
As for what to buy, he had no idea at the moment. He would figure it out when the time came.
The next day, after leaving the Spirit Herb Garden, Jiang Hao began to look for something suitable for the spirit beast in the market.
He arrived at the area for spirit pets and saw a variety of items. Defensive treasures, offensive treasures, life-saving treasures, etc.
They were all very expensive.
Jiang Hao then went to a relatively cheaper area, where they sold techniques related to spirit beasts.
It involved using a part of a spirit beast to create a technique that could be imparted to other spirit beasts.
Jiang Hao looked around and picked a feather. It was at the Golden Core Realm.
“You have a good eye, Junior Brother. This is a feather refined from the descendant of the Great Spirit Beast. When used at full power, it can reach the sDeed of a comDlete Golden Core Realm. It can be sustained for half a dav. or uD
to half a month at less than full power. It can be activated and deactivated at any time, ” a middle-aged man at the early stage of the Golden Core Realm said in explanation.
“And the price?” Jiang Hao asked tentatively.
“It was originally priced at one thousand six hundred but seeing that your cultivation is lacking, and your resources must be somewhat tight… I can give it to you for one thousand two hundred,” said the man.
Jiang Hao was speechless. It was just for one-time use and was sold for one thousand two hundred spirit stones!
Even with his healing talismans, defensive talismans, and acceleration talismans, they could only be sold for two hundred spirit stones.
Jiang Hao put it down and decided to look around some more.
After a while, he returned to the middle-aged man’s stall and began to negotiate the price.
In the end, he bought the Wind Feather for 980 spirit stones.
It was a pure white feather that could be hidden in the fur of a spirit beast.
Jiang Hao put away the item and felt that such items were too expensive.
He only had 3,800 spirit stones left.
Helplessly, he decided to set up a stall and planned to go to the Lawless Tower to find Zhuang Yuzhen in the evening.
Just as he had set up the stall, a familiar figure appeared in front of him.
“Junior Brother, I’ll take the Healing Talisman and the Hundred Thousand Swords Talisman,” said Leng Tian.
“It’s been so long since I last saw you, Senior Sister Leng.” Jiang Hao collected the ten talismans and handed them over.
He received 850 spirit stones.
He gave her a discount of fifty spirit stones.
Leng Tian seemed to be getting richer by the day.
She didn’t leave after getting the talismans. She smiled at him. “I have… new goods.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. ‘Another inheritance talisman?’
He was a bit puzzled..