Chapter 285: Accepting The Inheritance Talisman
At Jiang Hao’s house, Leng Tian sat down in the hall. “There’s one more stone talisman, would you like to take a look, Junior Brother?”
“Sure.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He was somewhat eager, as each stone talisman represented a kind of inheritance. Most of them were not ordinary talismans. They couldn’t be easily found on the market. They were quite expensive.
The Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman and the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman were never seen at the marketplace at all. He also didn’t dare to sell them.
There was only one Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman left, and he couldn’t make more of it.
The Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman was rarely used, and its side effects were obvious, but it had value when encountering someone who needed it.
It was not as useful as the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman.
However, now that he had the life-saving treasure given by his master, the teleportation distance should far exceed that of the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman. He had two escape treasures as of now.
Jiang Hao saw the familiar stone tablet in a box.
It was somewhat similar to the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman. He appraised it.
[Breath Concealment Inheritance Talisman: Dip a brush in water. At midnight, when your state of mind is clear, begin drawing the first half of the talisman.
You can receive the inheritance and comprehend the Breath Concealment Talisman. This is a treasure that Leng Tian and her seniors obtained after a life-threatening experience.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. This was another treasure obtained at great peril.
Were they really that lucky? They went through numerous life-and-death situations. This was the third time Leng Tian had brought him such a treasure. It was unlikely that they always survived such encounters.
Jiang Hao fell deep in thought. Maybe Leng Tian and the others had obtained a
lot of treasures at a time. They were just revealing them slowly. Perhaps she kept them sealed until she was going to sell them. That made sense to Jiang Hao. Otherwise, how could they go through numerous life-and-death experiences and escape unscathed every single time?
Leng Tian probably had many similar talismans with her. However, he didn’t really need the Breath Concealment Talisman.
He had the nameless manual and other things that fulfilled that function. He did want to buy it anyway. The nameless manual was just for him. He wanted to see how strong this talisman was and how effective it was in concealing one’s breath and aura.
“What do you think, Junior Brother Jiang?” Leng Tian asked.
“How much do you plan to sell it for, Senior Sister Leng?” Jiang Hao asked.
Based on the other talismans she had sold him, this too was probably priceless. If she could sell it at an affordable price, he was okay with it.
“I want to increase the price a little compared to what I sold the last one for,” said Leng Tian.
“How much do you plan to increase?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Three thousand five hundred…’
Jiang Hao thought for a moment and then nodded. “Can I top up with some talismans? The price might be lower than the market value.” “Deal,” said Leng Tian.
She seemed to be afraid that Jiang Hao would refuse to buy.
She knew that this stone tablet was valuable, but given their current situation, three thousand five hundred was already a high price.
She needed the spirit stones. Selling it to others might pose risks.
So, for now, Jiang Hao was their best choice.
After receiving three thousand spirit stones and some talismans, Leng Tian bid farewell to Jiang Hao.
She passed by the peach tree and saw a spirit beast standing on a branch. It stared at her with its paws crossed.
The spirit beast was a bit strange. But she had seen it before, so she wasn’t surprised.
She simply hurried away.
Jiang Hao saw her off. When he returned to his courtyard, the spirit beast asked, “Master, this woman has been here several times. Is she the most likely person who will become your mistress?”
“Least likely,” Jiang Hao said.
Leng Tian would never agree to something like that. Ming Yi might sacrifice herself for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Of course, that would be useless. Jiang Hao sighed.
“Master, why don’t you take them all in? The more mistresses, the better. I have no objections,” the spirit beast said earnestly as it hopped onto the table.
Jiang Hao glanced at the spirit beast and chuckled.
After a while, he left the courtyard and headed to the Lawless Tower.
He needed to find out more about what was inside the Corpse Realm.
He also decided to learn to make the Breath Concealment Talisman.
Before leaving, he gave the Wind Feather to the spirit beast. It wore it on its collar and showed off to everyone excitedly.
“Master, do I look like a great demon with this feather?”
After that, Jiang Hao focused on learning about the Corpse Realm and began studying the inheritance talisman.
He understood it smoothly, but there were still some difficulties in making it. It took eight hundred spirit stones worth of materials to make one.
This talisman was similar to the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman but had different levels. One was for the end, and the other was for the middle.
It took him half a month to comprehend it.
[Breath Concealment Talisman: Inferior quality. Can conceal one’s own aura and hide cultivation level. Once the power used exceeds the range of concealment, the talisman will break. It is effective for one month after use and can be activated directly with a wisp of spiritual energy or blood.]
‘It doesn’t say how much it can conceal.’
Jiang Hao tested it on the spirit beast, and it could indeed conceal the aura and cultivation realm. It seemed that it was more effective than what he had learned from the nameless manual.
This talisman was indeed exceptional.
With another one, the spirit beast standing in front of him might not even be able to sense him.
Jiang Hao looked at the spirit beast. “Where is the Wind Feather?” “Here,” said the beast as it plucked it from its collar. “Do you need it, master?” Jiang Hao took the feather away. “I’ll get you something else tomorrow.” The spirit beast looked puzzled.
Jiang Hao ignored it. Having the Breath Concealment Talisman was enough for the beast for now.
He could sell this one for some spirit stones.
He had spent a lot of money and now only had nine hundred spirit stones left. And that was after not having spent a penny on the incarnation of the peach tree.
When he thought about it, the cost of the Breath Concealment Talisman was even greater than that of the Wind Feather.
At the Hundred Bones Forest, Bai Ye lay on his bed. He had recovered a bit from his injuries.
When there was no one in the room, he turned to Lian Qin. “Junior Sister, please take me to the Cliff of Broken Hearts. I want to confirm something.”
“No, Senior Brother Bai. Master said that you cannot go out for the time being. The Law Enforcement Hall is already investigating the matter. Going out would be too dangerous.” Lian Qin shook her head.
Bai Ye fell silent. “Junior Sister, please take me out of here without anyone
Imowing.”
“Senior Brother Bai, aren’t you making things difficult for me? You are too weak right now,” Lian Qin shook her head again.
“I must go. I need to find out why… Why is such a powerful person targeting
“But why do you think it’s someone from the Cliff of Broken Hearts?”
“It’s just intuition. Maybe I can find out for sure. This is a matter of life and death…”
Lian Qin was in a dilemma. “Can we wait for another month? Your injuries are too severe, Senior Brother Bai.”
Bai Ye was silent for a while, and then he nodded. “Alright..”