Chapter 286: I’m Just Playing With You
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The next day, Jiang Hao returned the Wind Feather to the spirit beast.
He had wanted to sell it, but the person had only offered seven hundred spirit stones. It would have been a loss for him.
He thought that the Breath Concealment Talisman would be useless once used up, so he decided not to sell the Wind Feather.
The spirit beast was excited.
Jiang Hao spent another four hundred spirit stones to buy materials for making talismans and crafted five Breath Concealment Talismans.
He gave three to the spirit beast for future use.
Although it had the ability to deceive others, having this talisman would provide an additional layer of protection.
The Wind Feather could enhance its speed to the peak of the Golden Core Realm, and coupled with its special nature, perhaps only someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm could threaten it now.
Half a month later, the sect announced something.
The Corpse Realm Flowers would mature in the middle of the month, and a teleportation gate would open which would lead to the Corpse Realm.
Twenty-six disciples would enter the Corpse Realm through the gate.
Two from each of the eleven branches and four from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
The list of names was also published.
Jiang Hao learned that because of him, one more person could enter the Corpse Realm from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
If he entered the Corpse Realm, the Cliff of Broken Hearts could accommodate one more person. This was a reward.
It was a privilege for him and the entire Cliff of Broken Hearts.
He hardly recognized anyone from the other branches, but he recognized a few names from the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
The ones entering the Corpse Realm from the Cliff of Broken Hearts were:
Jiang Hao, at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Mu Qi, at the peak of the Golden Core Realm.
Ning Xuan, at the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Dongfang Ji, at the early stage of the Soul Ascension Realm.
Jiang Hao had never met or heard of Dongfang Ji.
Mu Qi told him that he was a powerful senior who had once chased after the top disciple position but had failed.
Jiang Hao was surprised to learn that the Cliff of broken hearts had such powerful individuals. Many disciples were already at the Soul Ascension Realm in other branches. The quality of disciples the Cliff of Broken Hearts produced had always been lower than the other branches.
He didn’t dare ask Mu Qi why that was so. He was only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, after all.
The Soul Ascension Realm was beyond his reach. There was no need to ask about it.
The next day, Liu Xingchen visited him. He was all smiles.
“Congratulations, Junior Brother Jiang, for being chosen to enter the Corpse Realm.”
“It was just luck,” Jiang Hao said humbly.
He really didn’t want to enter the Corpse Realm. He had no choice. That was why he had spent the last few months studying formations.
“I heard that Senior Brother Dongfang Ji is also going with you all?” Liu
Xingchen asked.
Jiang Hao nodded. “Why do you ask?”
“He is not a disciple of the current Cliff of Broken Hearts. He was saved by your master because of his exceptional talent. He is like Bai Ye. He is qualified to fight for the position of a top disciple. It’s a pity if he dies. Although he was saved, he is different from all of you. No one knows what he is thinking now, so be careful in dealing with him. I heard that his partner died,” Liu Xingchen said.
Jiang Hao looked puzzled. He didn’t understand what Liu Xingchen was talking about.
“Current Cliff of Broken hearts?”
“Huh?” Liu Xingchen was surprised. “Junior Brother Jiang, you don’t know?” Jiang Hao shook his head. He really didn’t know.
“Do you remember when I told you about the branch that incited conflict among various other branches?” Liu Xingchen asked.
Jiang Hao was taken aback.
“It seems like you figured it out. That branch was the former Cliff of Broken Hearts. Your current master became the leader of the branch much later. At that time, the entire Cliff of Broken Hearts was almost wiped out. Senior Brother Dongfang Ji was also there at that time, but he happened to be on a mission outside. When he returned, he found that everything had changed. He was also captured. He was an important and powerful disciple, so some precautions had to be taken.” Liu Xingchen sighed.
“After the investigation, it was found that he hadn’t been involved in the whole debacle, but there were indeed many suspicions. In those times, further investigations weren’t really necessary. People were thrown into the Lawless Tower under suspicion. Before he was thrown into the Lawless Tower, your master intervened and brought him back to the newly reinstated Cliff of
Broken Hearts. After that, he only showed his face once, when he was fighting Manlong for the seat of tenth top disciple. He suppressed his cultivation for that challenge. He severely injured Manlong, but he was still defeated.”
“Do disciples have to suppress their cultivation to fight the top disciples?” Jiang felt that it was somewhat unreasonable.
“Not quite. At first, they start from the top and work their way down. But if the people from the top fail the test, they will look further down. The person they find must be stronger, younger, and have more potential than the one already in that position. After that, if someone from a higher position wants to challenge them, they can suppress their cultivation and take on that challenge. The conditions will be more stringent, but the advantages are also obvious,” Liu Xingchen said.
“Anyway, the rules for the top disciples are quite complicated. For example, right now, if you don’t reach the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm, you don’t have the qualification to issue a challenge at all. At the very least, you have to be at the same stage as the tenth top disciple to issue a challenge. If Manlong had advanced to another realm, Bai Ye wouldn’t have been qualified to challenge him at all.”
Jiang Hao nodded in realization.
Dongfang Ji was not only different from them, but the Heavenly Note Sect had also killed his cultivation partner.
Usually, there wouldn’t be any danger from the disciples of the same sect, but Dongfang Ji might harbor some grievances and hate toward them.
Once they entered the Corpse Realm, he could easily kill someone without a second thought.
He was at the early stage of the Soul Ascension Realm, at that.
Even Jiang Hao’s real cultivation realm wouldn’t be a match for him.
Indeed, the Corpse Realm was too dangerous, so he needed to keep his distance from these people.
However, there were very few others who would come to the Foundation Establishment Realm area, so there shouldn’t be much danger there.
If he didn’t wander around aimlessly, it would be fine.
“Junior Brother, vou are going to the Corpse Realm, and I am going on a
mission too. I don’t know when I’ll be back,” said Liu Xingchen.
“What kind of mission takes so much of your time, Senior Brother?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Investigating overseas forces. It seems that another war is about to break out. I heard that many people have arrived from overseas, so we need to investigate it thoroughly,” Liu Xingchen said.
‘Overseas?’ Jiang Hao assumed they were here to find the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
It was good that it was being dealt with. After all, the item was in his hands.
They chatted for a while longer before Liu Xingchen bid farewell and left.
After taking care of the spirit herbs, Jiang Hao went to the Lawless Tower. He wanted to find out more about the Corpse Realm.
The people from the Divine Corpse Sect also provided some information, but it was only a rough map without any details.
Zhuang Yuzhen might not necessarily tell him the truth, so he needed to handle it himself.
However, as soon as he arrived at the Lawless Tower, Hai Luo called him over.
“Senior, is there something you need?” Jiang Hao asked.
“About that place you mentioned last time…” Hai Luo said in a low voice.
“Senior, rest assured, I just made it up on the spot,” Jiang Hao said.
“You jest! Do you think I, one of the Heavenly Kings, can’t tell if you are making something up? Do you think you’re a threat to me? I was just playing with you,” Hai Luo said, and then handed Jiang Hao a piece of paper. “Here is a list of names. Keep it.”
Jiang Hao was speechless.
“This scum sold out his companions just so his cultivation won’t decrease!” shouted Zhuang Yuzhen.
“You arrogant b*stard! You aren’t even my match. Your early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm can’t match my late stage!”
Jiang Hao glanced at Hai Luo and realized that the effect of the Lawless Tower had indeed impacted him greatly. He had even sold out his companions! It was no wonder Liu Xingchen was going out of the sect to investigate the matter..