Chapter 287: Finding A Mine
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao picked up the list and took a look. He found that there were eight names on it.
The first six names were grouped together, while the last two were separated.
‘What does this mean?’
He appraised it.
[The paper from Hai Luo: It lists eight names, the first six were reported to the Heavenly Note Sect, and the last two are specifically used to bribe you.] ‘So that’s how it is…
After noting it down, he casually threw it back to Hai Luo. “No need for this.”
Hai Luo looked puzzled. After a while, he chewed and swallowed the paper.
Jiang Hao sat in front of Zhuang Yuzhen:
“I have to trouble you again, Senior,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
“Do you know when the Corpse Realm Flower will bloom?” Zhuang Yuzhen asked.
“In the coming days.” Jiang Hao didn’t specify the exact date.
Zhuang Yuzhen didn’t mind and began to explain the inside of the Corpse Realm. “The area you will enter is the Foundation Establishment region. It’s a forest called the Blood Tide Forest. The most important thing to pay attention to inside that forest is the trees…”
Up until two days before the opening of the Corpse Realm, Jiang Hao hadn’t heard anything about the Heavenly Stele Mountain.
He didn’t know if it was because the mountain was too special to be revealed.
However, he discovered that there were spirit herbs and ores inside.
If possible, he wanted to find a mine. But there were also many dangers.
Some areas were dangerous at night, and others were terrifying during the day.
The information provided by the Divine Corpse Sect was limited. He had to figure out many things on his own.
When Zhuang Yuzhen finished explaining, he whispered, “Then there is a special peak called Heavenly Stele Mountain that needs mentioning. For many people, the goal is that particular mountain. The Corpse Realm is vast and boundless, and no one knows what lies in its deepest part of it or if there are beings similar to us. If there are, then Heavenly Stele Mountain is most likely a bait to take us there or bring them here. It is a mountain that can move.”
“Every time it appears, we must be cautious and prevent others from appearing on top of it. It will appear in various regions and stay for about a month. Within the year when the Corpse Realm Flowers blooms, the mountain will appear six times. Each time it appears in a different region, but it rarely appears in the Foundation Establishment region. Based on past experiences, the weaker the strength of a place, the less likely Heavenly Stele Mountain will approach it. It appears near people with high cultivation, strong potential, special constitutions, or special abilities. The more concentrated such people are in a place, the more likely Heavenly Stele Mountain will be drawn to them. You have reached the late Foundation Establishment Realm by chance, so even if you have something special, it won’t make any impact. So, don’t worry too much.”
Jiang Hao was speechless.
His talent was indeed not high, but his cultivation realm was too high. If Heavenly Stele Mountain made a mistake in its judgment, would it appear in the Foundation Establishment region?
That would attract many people and bring him trouble.
But if he was the only one there, it wouldn’t matter. The Heavenly Stele Mountain might not even notice him.
“Are the people entering the Corpse Realm all young?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Mostly… Only young people have high potential. It’s not beneficial for some old folks to go in, but some strong individuals prefer to go in. There was once an incident where a powerful person went in and went mad and killed all the young people with him. In the end, he was suppressed to death by Heavenly Stele Mountain. It seems that Heavenly Stele Mountain doesn’t allow such things to happen. But it doesn’t have consciousness, so whether it’s by chance or something else… no one knows,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
Jiang Hao nodded.
“What is in Heavenly Stele Mountain?” Jiang Hao asked.
That was what he had been wanting to ask.
Zhuang Yuzhen said, “There are stone tablets. A hundred and eight of them. There are thirty-six heavenly tablets on top and seventy-two earthly tablets below. The heavenly tablets are difficult to approach, and the earthly tablets are difficult to decipher. If you can get close to them or decipher them, the gains are… uncertain. There are cultivation methods, techniques, divine abilities, fortune and misfortune, lingering souls, biographies, ancient maps, and so on. Almost everything you can think of can be found there, and each person sees something entirely different.”
‘Entirely different?’ Jiang Hao was surprised. If it kept changing, then what was the use of copying the content of the sixth stone tablet from the bottom up?
“In fact, there is another saying that the things inside the stone tablets are whole, but they are divided into unknown parts for people to see. That’s why each person sees something different. Once someone collects them all, they will obtain the most complete thing. What exactly it is, no one knows. Even the Divine Corpse Sect, which holds most of the secrets, doesn’t know what it is,” Zhuang Yuzhen said.
Jiang Hao nodded. He felt that Zhuang Yuzhen’s last claim might be untrue.
If someone wanted the sixth stone tablet, it meant that the person might have collected the others. They might only be missing the last piece.
If it was really the Divine Corpse Sect, Jiang Hao felt that he couldn’t hand it over.
This would strengthen the Divine Corpse Sect, which wouldn’t be good for him.
After talking a little more, Jiang Hao left the Lawless Tower.
The next day, he made some talismans. He also tried to make another Breath Concealment Talisman.
He gave the spirit beast two more of those talismans.
If the spirit beast took Xiao Li on an adventure in his absence, the talismans would provide them with some safety.
The preparations for entering the Corpse Realm were already completely in place. Healing pills, talismans, tea leaves, and more.
The healing pills were for accidents, and the tea leaves were for emergencies.
With these preparations, the only issue left was what to do after he left.
First, he had to explain the matter of the secret code to the spirit beast.
After he talked with the beast, Jiang Hao went to test Chu Chuan. His progress was fast, but he seemed to be injured. Xiao Li had caused that in the last test.
Lin Zhi remained the same as ever.
Jiang Hao spent some time explaining the Star-Moon Lifeblood Refining Technique to him and let him cultivate with peace of mind. One day, his hard work would pay off.
Afterward, Jiang Hao found Cheng Chou.
“Do you have any questions about your cultivation, Junior Brother Cheng?”
Cheng Chou knew that Jiang Hao would be leaving for the Corpse Realm soon, so he asked him about the doubts he had.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind the questions and explained everything patiently.
“As long as your foundation is solid, and you work hard in your cultivation, I think reaching the Golden Core Realm is possible.”
Cheng Chou was overjoyed.
In the past, reaching the Foundation Establishment Realm had been difficult, but now the Golden Core Realm seemed within reach. It was all unbelievable to him.
However, he felt something was strange. Sometimes, he would forget that
Jiang Hao was still in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
“Pay more attention to the outer sect’s Spirit Herb Garden,” said Jiang Hao.
Once he left, the matters of the outer sect’s Spirit Herb Garden would all fall on Cheng Chou’s shoulders.
“If you have any issues, you can seek help from Senior Sister Miao and Junior Brother Han. Tell them I sent you, and they will surely help you,” Jiang Hao said.
The next day was the day when they would enter the Corpse Realm.
Jiang Hao followed Mu Qi to the location of the Corpse Realm Flower. He thought he would meet everyone there. He could see who else was hiding their cultivation. That person would highly likely be Gui from the gathering.
However, when he arrived, he found that there were only two people.
People from each branch were supposed to enter the Corpse Realm from their respective areas. Four people would gather at each flower, which was distributed across the twelve branches.
On this side, there were only Gu Cheng, Qing You, Mu Qi, and Jiang Hao.
After they gathered, Gu Cheng said, “The flower is about to bloom. I will open the way, and you all just follow the formation. Decide which area you want to go to yourselves.
Jiang Hao and Mu Qi nodded.
Soon, a refreshing fragrance wafted into the sky as the Corpse Realm Flower bloomed. At the same time, a void door opened.
“Be careful.” Gu Cheng entered first.
Jiang Hao was the last to enter.
Bai Ye sat up and coughed softly. “Junior Sister, should we go to the Cliffs of
Broken Hearts now?”
“But…” Lian Qin lowered her head. “You won’t see him anyway. He is entering the Corpse Realm today.”
“Today?” Bai Ye wasn’t surprised. “Let’s go. Let me make a trip there.”
At this point, Lian Qin couldn’t even refuse. All she could do was bring out a wheelchair, help Bai Ye into it, and push it forward..