Chapter 288: Self-Preservation
The sun shone, and a gentle breeze blew.
The air seemed a bit chilly.
At this moment, a woman pushed a wheelchair to the Cliff of Broken Hearts.
They went ahead, without letting anyone know.
Sitting in the wheelchair was a pale-faced man, Bai Ye. He held a piece of jade in his hand. It was a treasure to stabilize his injuries.
If he lost the jade, his condition would deteriorate.
Based on his current situation, it may take a year for him to fully recover. But nobody knew when the unknown person would make his next move.
It could happen at any time.
“Senior Brother Bai, can you really see anything?” Lian Qin asked in doubt.
By now, they had arrived at the riverside. If they followed the river, they would soon reach Jiang Hao’s residence.
Bai Ye shook his head and whispered, “Let’s take a look first.”
“Why not wait for him to come back?” Lian Qin was puzzled.
“It’s different. If you want to understand everything completely, you have to observe their place when they are absent and when they are present,” said Bai Ye. “Sometimes when a person is present, you can’t see things clearly.”
“If it’s really related, what are you intending to do?” Lian Qin asked.
“I don’t know.” Bai Ye shook his head and looked at the river. After a long time, he said, “Let’s take a look first.”
A moment later, they saw a yard in the distance which was covered by a formation.
It wasn’t a powerful formation. One that could shield the aura and gather spiritual energy.
The formation was clever, but it wasn’t enough to indicate anything.
They still needed to take a closer look.
“Do we need to go in?” Lian Qin asked while pushing the wheelchair.
“No need… just till the entrance,” Bai Ye said.
Lian Qin pushed the wheelchair to the entrance of the courtyard. She stopped there and found a good place for Bai Ye from where he could see inside.
She curiously looked at the yard.
“I’ve been here before… There’s nothing special inside except for some spirit herbs,” Lian Qin said.
Clang!
A crisp sound suddenly came from the ground.
Lian Qin looked down and found that the jade had fallen to the ground. It had hit a stone.
This surprised her. How could Bai Ye be so careless?
When she turned to look at Bai Ye, she froze.
Her senior, who always appeared calm, looked different. He stared fixedly at the courtyard. His eyes were wide. His calm demeanor was replaced by fear. His body trembled as though he had seen something terrifying.
Lian Qin followed his gaze and saw a seedling. It was just an ordinary spirit herb.
“Senior Brother Bai?”
Bai Ye covered his face with trembling hands. “Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you inform me of something so important? Why didn’t any of you tell me about this? If someone had told me, I wouldn’t have walked into a dead end. “Senior Brother, what’s wrong”‘ Lian Qin was puzzled.
“The Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower,” muttered Bai Ye. “It’s definitely that. I saw the record in a ruin before. He planted such a divine item in his courtyard.”
Bai Ye turned and looked at Lian Qin. “Do you know what this means in the Heavenly Note Sect? It means he is a disciple of either Elder Baizhi or the Sect Master.”
Lian Qin felt numb. ‘The Sect Master…’
If one lived long enough in the Heavenly Note Sect, one knew how terrifying the Sect Master was. Offending the Sect Master meant death.
“What should we do then?”
“I need to save myself. I must come up with a way to save myself before the next sealing technique.”
Bai Ye had never expected that he would walk into death’s hands unwillingly.
At first, he had just wanted to break Jiang Hao’s foundation. However, he had made a mistake. He kept attacking him again and again. Now, Jiang Hao was counter-attacking him.
If this continued, he would inevitably die in the Hundred Bones Forest.
No one could save him.
Only he could save himself.
In the south, by the coast, a woman in a gray robe blended into the crowd. She was attempting to leave the place.
She was beautiful, but, at that moment, she was exhausted.
‘Where can I hide in the south? Although the influence of the bright Moon Sect is significant, they won’t make a big fuss this time. This area might be safe.’ ‘D*mn it! I didn’t expect them to have such powerful forces overseas.’
‘Where should I go in the southern region? I can’t go to any of the immortal sects. The Bright Moon Sect will definitely find me… The Heavenly Saint Sect?
They’re crazy. I can’t join them!’
‘The Ghost Shadow Sect? They are too cruel. I’ll be tortured at entry.’
She considered a few other demonic sects, but none of them sat well with her. Helplessly, she took out a book and started flipping through it.
Too small a sect would be useless, but she didn’t want to join a sect that was too cruel either. Finally, a name stood out.
‘The Heavenly Note Sect!’
‘I remember that it used to be a small sect, but they have developed rapidly in the past few years. It can now rival the Wing Lightning Sect and the Blackheaven Sect… Other than being reckless, the sect looks fine. Maybe I can hide there.’
‘Besides, the demonic sects have no taboos. With my cultivation, if I kill anyone who tries to pry into me within the sect, I can establish a foothold. Even if they know I have secrets, they won’t act against me.”
The woman put away the book and headed toward the heavenly Note Sect.
“We’re about to enter the Human Yuan Formation. You need to think about your destination carefully. Leaving your suitable area rashly can lead to danger,” Gu Cheng said as a reminder.
Jiang Hao walked at the very back. He was clear about his destination. That would be the Foundation Establishment region.
Perhaps the Corpse Realm had countless opportunities, but he didn’t need any of them. If he could peacefully mine and cultivate spirit herbs there, he was fine.
He lacked nothing. He had techniques, treasures, divine items…
There was no need to take unnecessary risks. He would find a place to cultivate without worries.
Finding a mine was a matter of luck. If he found it, he would mine quietly and increase his cultivation. If not, he would go with the flow.
In anv case. as a Primordial SDirit Realm cultivator. he would be much safer in the Foundation Establishment region.
In other areas, there were others beyond the Primordial Spirit Realm. Some were even at the Return to Void Realm.
What would someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm do among such powerful individuals? It was akin to seeking death.
Jiang Hao felt as if he had entered the vast starry sky, with the sun and the moon above and mountains and rivers below.
“Alright. The Three Elements Formation has appeared. After entering the Human Yuan Formation, we will split up,” Gu Cheng said.
“Remember the details of the formation and its changes to avoid any problems,” Qing You said as a reminder.
Jiang Hao thanked Mu Qi and the others, and they went their separate ways.
Mu Qi and Qing You were at the same level. However, there were multiple regions they could choose from, so they also separated.
There was only the Blood Tide Forest in the Foundation Establishment region, so there was no need for Jiang Hao to choose any other.
After a while, Jiang Hao disappeared into the Human Yuan Formation.
In an instant, the formation covered his entire body. Just as he had chosen his region, he suddenly felt a summoning..