Chapter 290: I’ve Been Waiting For This Day For Many Years
‘That actually looks dangerous. If the Foundation Establishment region is like this, I can’t imagine how the Golden Core region must be.’ Jiang Hao stared at the entrance of the cave.
He decided not to wander around aimlessly. It was better to find a place to grow spirit herbs and ores. He had already found both locations.
Jiang Hao looked around and saw many spots outside the cave that could be cleared and used as spirit fields. The spiritual energy here was abundant. Though he hadn’t examined the soil yet, the nearby flowers and trees grew well. They naturally emitted spiritual energy.
It seemed that both the environment and soil were suitable. They just needed some time to tend to it.
“This cave is a bit strange. My senior warned me that we can only mine here at night. It becomes dangerous as soon as daylight comes. He doesn’t know the exact reason, but regardless of whether you’re at the Foundation
Establishment or Golden Core Realm, you have to stay away during the day,” Gu Wen said to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao nodded. Entering the cave didn’t guarantee a safe return. He couldn’t pinpoint the exact danger, but he could feel it.
“In that case, let’s clear space here for growing spirit herbs. We’ll handle the herbs during the day and mine at night. Any objections?” Gu Wen asked the others.
“None,” said Zhuge Zheng.
“Me neither,” Murong Qingqing said.
“In that case, you’ll be in charge of the spirit fields, and we’ll go out to search for things,” Gu Wen said to Jiang Hao.
“Sure,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
He was naturally happy to have someone help find the spirit herbs.
Although it was challenging to get blue bubbles like the ones the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower spawned, there might still be a few bubbles.
Moreover, there was also mining to do, which was the most important task.
‘I have to open up the spirit fields before it gets dark and then explore the mining cave.’
Jiang Hao began clearing the vegetation to create a sizable spirit field. Gu Wen and the other two were somewhat surprised by Jiang Hao’s agreeable attitude.
Is he really so easy to deal with?
They didn’t dwell on it and left separately to search for opportunities.
Jiang Hao watched them disappear into the forest.
These three were really cautious and stayed hidden in the shadows and observed everything.
Jiang Hao finished setting up the spirit field and built a small wooden house and a warehouse. The three of them were still not back.
Checking the time, Jiang Hao took out a mining pickaxe from his storage treasure.
As soon as it got dark, the danger disappeared, and he could finally explore the mining cave.
He had been waiting for this day for a long time.
As for the three who were still observing from the shadows, he paid them no attention.
They were overly cautious, but he didn’t mind.
No one would waste a slot to allow a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator in if they were just ordinary.
Though there might be some who entered based on connections. Some people were just too arrogant and looked down on others.
Such people were troublesome, but fortunately, he hadn’t encountered any yet. Before entering the mining cave, Jiang Hao glanced at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 26]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of
Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 33/100 (Can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 34/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 0/3 (Cannot be obtained)]
‘I’m still far from advancing. I wonder if mining can catch up to the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower’s benefits.’
Currently, he was at the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Furthermore, the quality of the ores in the mining area was extremely high.
After all, the mining area was beneath an ancient battlefield. There were remnants of ancient souls, inheritances from powerful beings, and even treasures.
Among all the mining areas in the cultivation world, which one could compare to it?
However, ores were still ores, and while blue bubbles were rare, white and green ones were still common.
It was still a great gain.
Entering the mining cave, Jiang Hao felt a chill. The stone walls emitted a faint light and made the entire passage visible. It was an extensive tunnel.
The air carried a trace of toxicity that would accumulate in the body after prolonged exposure, and it could even evade cultivation realms.
‘If I were really in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, I couldn’t stay here for long.’
With his current cultivation realm, it wasn’t a problem, especially since he had the Revival of the Withered Tree ability.
These toxins had no effect on him.
Soon, he arrived at a fork in the path. One led to the left and the other to the right.
He went left.
‘What’s going on? Nothing here?’
There were no dangers along the way. ‘Why is this place so dangerous during the day?’
Before long, he reached a dead-end.
Jiang Hao didn’t think too much about it. Even if there were dangers, he could handle them.
When he set up the spirit fields, he buried a golden ring, which could transport him away in three breaths’ time.
He also had the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman. It would be even faster.
The only problem was that he couldn’t make new talismans, at least not yet.
If he damaged his divine abilities, it would do more harm than good.
Perhaps after reaching the Soul Ascension Realm, he could make more.
But to reach Soul Refining, he would need at least three more years.
After he reached the Soul Ascension Realm, his potential and cultivation realm would rank among the top ten disciples in the sect. He would be much safer within the sect.
Sighing, Jiang Hao picked up the pickaxe and began mining.
Clang!
Piece by piece, he dug out the rocks.
Their hardness was extraordinary. Fortunately, his pickaxe was a magical treasure. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know how long it could hold up.
Clang! Clang!
After some time, white bubbles began to appear, followed by green bubbles.
[Strength +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Endurance +1]
[Spirit Sword +1]
As Jiang Hao continued to work, more ores appeared around him.
He didn’t recognize these ores and just left them aside.
In the middle of the night, a piece of ore féll, and a blue bubble emerged.
[Cultivation +1]
“So fast?”
He worked even harder at mining until he felt a sense of danger once again. It was as though something was coming from every direction.
Without hesitation, he carried the mined ores and retreated from the cave.
Fortunately, he left the entrance before the crisis happened.
As soon as he came out, he bumped into Gu Wen and the others.
The three of them gave Jiang Hao strange looks as if saying, “Were you really mining?”
When Jiang Hao was putting the ores into his warehouse, they were even more puzzled.
Did this guy come here just to do odd jobs?
Jiang Hao sighed.
Time passed so quickly. It was already morning, and only one blue bubble had appeared.
At this moment, he noticed the spirit herbs in the fields.
There were three plants with abundant spiritual energy. But all three showed signs of withering.
“These are the spirit herbs we brought back. We don’t know how to cultivate them, and we can’t just store them away. It’s up to you now,” Gu Wen said to Jiang Hao.
Jiang Hao nodded and began to observe the spirit herbs.
After an entire day’s effort, he managed to revitalize the herbs a bit. But it was clearly not enough. They needed long-term care.
When night arrived, Jiang Hao got up and proceeded to the mine.
In the early morning, he brought out a lot of ores again.
Then, he continued to take care of the spirit herbs.
Gu Wen and the others watched in bewilderment..