Chapter 291: Shocking Genius
On the third day after their arrival, Gu Wen, Zhuge Zheng, and Murong Qingqing stood under a big tree and observed Jiang Hao as he took care of the spirit herbs.
They were all puzzled.
“What do you guys think?” Gu Wen asked.
“I only know that anyone who can enter this place must be an outstanding disciple of the sect. Even if someone got in through connections, they wouldn’t be too ordinary. This person’s behavior is extremely strange, and he must have his own purpose,” Zhuge Zheng said coldly.
“There’s a possibility that his cultivation level is too low, but he might be a smart person who knows the current situation. He even brought a mining pickaxe, so it seems he was prepared,” Murong Qingqing asked.
“There’s a chance… but these odd jobs are really effective, and the number of ores he mined today is more than usual. What does that indicate? He not only handed everything over but also never took a break. I remember the yield my senior mentioned,” Gu Wen said with a smile.
“Let’s see how long he can keep this up. Maybe it’s just a pretense, and he will slow down in a few days,” Zhuge Zheng suggested.
“I think so, too. This way, he’s wasting opportunities and even hindering his cultivation,” Murong Qingqing said.
“Probably,” Gu Wen replied.
The three of them fell silent.
Regardless, they were all here to seek opportunities, and the spirit herbs were a bonus.
If they could bring back more, that would be even better. The same went for the ores.
These were all secondary matters. They wanted to obtain what they truly desired.
Before they found it, there was no need to start conflicts.
After that, the three of them began searching for opportunities.
At this moment, Jiang Hao, who was tending to the spirit herbs, looked up and felt surprised as he saw the three of them leaving.
These people didn’t have any greed. They just focused on their purpose. To them, these external resources weren’t that important.
‘Well, they are extraordinary disciples within their sects. Ordinary resources are just icing on the cake for them. There’s no need for them to pay too much attention to it.’
He glanced at the ores and let out a sigh.
Unfortunately, the ores needed to be sold for spirit stones, and he had no idea how much he would get for them.
The ores weren’t anything extraordinary, and their value wasn’t too high.
Moreover, blue bubbles were truly rare. Only one had appeared in two days.
The few spirit herbs had only produced white bubbles.
However, Jiang Hao was not disappointed. To have such gains right after coming in could be considered remarkable. It was all thanks to those three.
If it weren’t for them, he wouldn’t know how long it would have taken him to find the mining cave.
Now, all he needed to do was take care of the spirit herbs during the day.
This kind of life was fulfilling. If only the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower was here with him, it would have been perfect.
With the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower and many spirit herbs in the front, and a mining cave available for mining at any time in the back, such things could only happen in a fantasy.
Days passed by in this manner.
Half a month later, Gu Wen and the others brought back many spirit herbs. A night, they watched Jiang Hao go to the cave to mine.
He worked harder every day. Was this really the behavior of a normal cultivator? Did his sect send him here just to mine?
Wouldn’t his sect be furious to know this?
“I feel that he’s really here to mine, not to do odd jobs for us,” Murong Qingqing said.
“What does he want?” Zhuge Zheng asked.
The ores were left aside. He didn’t cultivate yet, and he didn’t find any special treasures.
He had been mining here all the time, which was clearly strange.
Why would he mine so desperately without a purpose?
“That’s a good question. I’m curious about what he wants too,” Gu Wen said curiously.
“After all, my senior was also crazy about mining. No one knows what he wanted. The more he mined, the more haggard he became. After half a year, he suddenly stopped mining. When he turned and left the mining cave, the bottleneck that had troubled him for a long time was completely resolved, and he advanced in one fell swoop.”
“What peculiar things are there?” Murong Qingqing asked. “I don’t know. No one told me.” Gu Wen shook his head.
“Don’t you want to try?” Zhuge Zheng asked.
“No, I have my own path to follow, and there’s no need to go down a road that isn’t suitable for me just out of curiosity, ” Gu Wen said. ‘What about you guys?
Do you want to try?”
“We were targeted, so let’s first deal with those people,” Zhuge Zheng said.
They all had clear goals.
Before they achieved their goals, they wouldn’t get involved in unnecessary trouble.
In the Corpse Realm, the Myriad Stone Forest belonged to the Golden Core region, but people of various cultivation realms were here anyway.
It was all because a mountain had appeared in the middle of the Myriad Stone Forest.
The mountain was lush with trees, and a river flowed down from the peak. High above, faint shadows of stone tablets could be seen.
“Senior Sister Lan Qian, is this the Heavenly Stele Mountain?” a young man at the foot of the mountain asked his senior.
They were both disciples of the Divine Corpse Sect. They had entered from the Heavenly Note Sect.
The young man had a delicate appearance, but his cultivation realm was in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
The woman beside him was extraordinary, with a calm demeanor and a cultivation realm in the early stage of the Soul Ascension Realm.
“There’s something I’ve wanted to tell you for a long time.” She looked at the young man beside her. “It’s about Yun Qi. Although he seems to have a good relationship with me, his personality is cold and violent. He’s just good at disguising it. As he hasn’t offended me, we can still talk. Lately, he seems to have some thoughts about my… body. I wanted to deal with him myself, but when I saw him the next day, I… just couldn’t. He is friendly with me. He even lost that cruel and violent aura he had about him.”
“What do you mean, Senior Sister?” Yun Qi asked.
“Nothing… I’m just telling you. Many people know about Yun Qi’s true nature. Due to his identity, no one wants to act against him. Otherwise, with what he has done, he’s not worthy of staying in the Divine Corpse Sect. Even if I sense something, I will turn a blind eye. But other people won’t be able to do that,” Lan Qian said.
Yun Qi smiled. “Senior Sister, what do you think this mountain is all about?”
“Heavenly Stele Mountain… It seems like a mountain with opportunities, but it’s probably a place of inheritance. Moreover, there are deeper secrets inside. I’m not sure of the specifics, but if you gain insights here, you can advance faster,” Lan Qian said.
They followed the mountain path and saw an open space with a stone tablet on it.
“This is the first stone tablet,” Lan Qian said. “Thirty-six Heavenly Stars are difficult to approach, but if you find the seventy-two Earthly Fiends, you can comprehend them. You can gain insights from whichever one you choose.” Rumble!
Suddenly, a faint light appeared on the stone tablet. Lan Qian was stunned.
“Senior Sister, what does this light mean?” Yun Qi asked curiously.
Lan Qian frowned slightly. “I’ve seen it before. This is Heavenly Stele Mountain trying to summon someone. Anyone summoned by the Heavenly Stele Mountain is a genius. But…the previous light wasn’t this obvious..”