Chapter 292: The Charm Goddess
[Lifeblood: 35/100 (can be cultivated)]
[Cultivation: 36/100 (can be cultivated)]
In the mining cave, Jiang Hao looked at his cultivation points and felt somewhat regretful. Half a month had passed, and they had only increased by two points each. In other words, there were only four blue bubbles in total. About two appeared each week.
‘It’s slower than expected. I wonder if it’s because of the mine or my cultivation realm.’
If the mine wasn’t good enough, it might be difficult to get more bubbles. It seemed that it was harder to find bubbles if one’s cultivation realm was too high.
He couldn’t determine whether the ores here were of good or bad quality. However, he could be certain that the ores here were not as good as those in the Heavenly Note Sect’s mine.
Clang!
Jiang Hao stopped thinking and continued mining. Even though the bubbles were scarce, it wasn’t much different from the number of bubbles produced by the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Besides, there were many white bubbles here.
[Strength +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Strength +1]
Many bubbles flew to his body. Even if he lost all his cultivation, his spirit and strength were exceptionally strong. Especially now that they were increasing every day, it meant that his body would become stronger.
As he mined into the middle of the night, he suddenly smelled a fragrance. “It’s here again.” The fragrance had started to appear every seven days after he began mining. But so far, nothing else had happened. The scent wasn’t of spirit herbs but smelled more like a human body.
The mining cave was not a simple place, and it was normal for unexpected things to appear along the way. Jiang Hao remained vigilant and continued mining. In the second half of the night, he finally obtained another blue bubble.
[Cultivation +1]
He worked even harder.
Jiang Hao paused. A woman dressed in thin gauze appeared beside him. She squatted on the ground with her chin on her hands. She looked up at him. Her long, slender thighs were exposed. Her appearance was like a radiant light in the darkness. He couldn’t sense her cultivation realm.
“Senior, who are you?” Jiang Hao asked in a low voice. He hadn’t noticed her until she spoke.
The fragrance from earlier was now very strong.
This person had been lurking nearby for about a week. He just didn’t know if she had been inside the cave all this time or had entered during the night.
He appraised her.
[Charm Goddess: Born with a bewitching body and has captivated numerous men. Her life goal was to taste all the male experts in the cultivation world and secretly associate with powerful experts. However, when her relationship with a powerful expert was discovered by another powerful expert, she was torn apart and nearly lost her soul. Due to too many admirers, she was eventually able to find another body and consolidate her divine soul. She was waiting for resurrection. However, before her resurrection, countless powerful experts discovered her and began to sabotage her plan. In an unexpected turn of events, her physical body was trapped in a mining cave, and she is unable to see the light of day. After using charms on you for a week, she realized it was useless. She had no choice but to reveal herself. She now wants to tempt you to dig out her body so that she can be resurrected. Before her resurrection, she can only bewitch people and cannot attack anyone directly.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. She had used charms on him for a week! He hadn’t even been able to detect it.
Since his book on charms was taken away by Hong Yuye, he felt embarrassed to ask for it back. There were two other books on charms, but they had taught him nothing so far.
However, the fact that this person had innate ability and was born with a bewitching body was too terrifying. She was similar to Senior Sister Yun Ruo. Considering the fact that she was called “Charm Goddess,” her powers might be even more frightening than Yun Ruo.
‘If I take her body and present it to the Pavilion Master of the Heavenly Joy Pavilion, will he finally forgive me?’
He thought about that for a moment, then shook his head. The Pavilion Master probably would hold onto his grudge. Besides, the Charm Goddess seemed like a powerful cultivator. Jiang Hao didn’t think he was any match for her in a
fight.
“Do you want to know who I am? I’m the little spirit of the mining cave. You can call me Little Mei.”
“Please don’t disturb me while I’m mining,” Jiang Hao said calmly.
Since she couldn’t really attack him physically, she would use all the charms at her disposal. For him, this wasn’t a big deal.
Clang! Clang!
The Charm Goddess looked at Jiang Hao who continued mining.
She sensed that everyone who came into the mine had an extremely firm mind. She had encountered another miner last time. Although that person seemed infatuated with her, he eventually left at the last moment. He thanked her for her help over the past year and left. After that, his cultivation realm had risen in one fell sweep.
At that moment, she was enraged at being used. She vowed that she would make him beg for forgiveness after she left this mine.
She had used others, but that person had dared to use her for his gain!
But now, the situation was different. The person before her didn’t even spare her a glance. His entire focus was on mining. It wasn’t that he pretended not to see her, but that he genuinely didn’t care about her. Was it because she wasn’t good enough, or had people in the cultivation world changed? “Aren’t you tired from mining?” asked the Charm Goddess.
He didn’t respond.
“I know where the good things are hidden. Do you want my help?” she asked again.
Still, there was no response.
She didn’t talk to him after that but followed him silently.
Jiang Hao ignored the Charm Goddess and continued mining. If she got too noisy, he would take out his saber and shut her up.
“It’s going to be daylight soon. You need to leave.”
Jiang Hao glanced at her. She reminded him of Yun Ruo. He wasn’t surprised that so many people sought to avenge her. Even people at Golden Core Realm were ready to sacrifice their future and avenge her at all costs.
Senior Sister Yun Ruo must have been truly powerful to use her charms in such a way that people were willing to give up everything for her. This Charm Goddess was no exception.
“Can you do me a favor?” Jiang Hao looked at the Charm Goddess.
“What is it? I don’t necessarily help strangers, but I might consider it,” she said.
Whoosh!
Suddenly, a beam of moonlight flashed by. The blade severed the Charm Goddess’ head.
“You’re disturbing me. Just keep your mouth shut.”
The Charm Goddess was stunned. “I was being sincere.”
After leaving the mining cave, Jiang Hao stored the ores in the warehouse. The appearance of the Charm Goddess had indeed affected his mining. Everything she did and said carried a charm technique. Born with a bewitching body and innate charm techniques, he would have to avoid her at all costs. If it wasn’t for the poison inside him, it would have been dangerous.
However, one thing was certain: cutting off her head didn’t deal her a fatal blow. If she were to appear before him again, he would have to use other methods.
“Hello, fellow disciple,” someone said from behind him.
He turned around to see two people in the Foundation Establishment Realm. One was a man and the other one was a woman.
Their attire was different. They must have allied temporarily.
“What’s the matter?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I found a mining spot. Would you like to cooperate with us?” the man asked with a smile.
“It’s similar to the cave here. You can continue mining while we search for spirit herbs. We will continue to cultivate and allocate the resources fairly,” the woman said..