Chapter 293: I Hate You
Jiang Hao observed the two people.
The man was slightly plump, and he held his hand in a manner that suggested he could release spells at any moment. The hand gestures indicated that he used standard offensive spells.
The woman was dressed in a robe with patterns for defensive powers and speed. At the moment, she seemed fully prepared to deal with any danger.
“I don’t think there’s anything wrong with mining here,” Jiang Hao said. “I’m fine here. ”
“In that case, I must attack you. It’s a pity. We lack a partner like you,” said the man, Ding Yu, as he prepared to attack.
Boom!
A fireball fell in front of Ding Yu.
Shortly after, three people arrived flying on their swords.
It was Gu Wen and the others.
“We don’t have any ill intentions.” Ding Yu and the woman stepped back.
“I believe you. Why don’t you leave now?” Gu Wen smiled.
“We’ll take our leave then.” Ding Yu and the woman quickly left.
Everyone here was strong, and they were all in the same cultivation realm. They were cautious about engaging in a fight, as no one knew how it would turn out. Therefore, it was unnecessary, and everyone exercised restraint.
However, no one was willing to give up easily.
Jiang Hao was still in a daze.
He had intended to launch a counterattack so that the one attacking him would know that he wasn’t really a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator. That way, they wouldn’t have returned to attack him again. Then, he could inquire about the newly discovered mine and resolve things easily.
The Corpse Realm would only remain open for another half a year or a year, at most. No one knew if this mine would remain available till then. Moreover, it was better to avoid the territory of the Charm Goddess.
“Disciple Jiang, are you alright?” Gu Wen asked.
“I’m fine,” Jiang Hao said.
“With so many things on display, it’s easy to attract attention here.” Murong Qingqing pointed to the pile of ores.
Jiang Hao knew that. However, he had done that so that his three companions would be at ease.
“How about this? We’ll sell them and divide the spirit stones equally among the four of us. The same goes for the spirit herbs.” Gu Wen looked at Jiang Hao.
“What do you think?”
Jiang Hao looked at the spirit herbs and nodded. “Alright.”
Not every mine was valuable, but the spirit herbs here were indeed worth a lot. Besides, with these three helping to sell them, it was much better than him doing it himself.
The best course of action was to sell them for spirit stones.
Otherwise, he would have to wait until he returned to sell them, which would expose the fact that he had earned a large sum of money. That might bring another set of troubles. It was better to deal with it here.
They took out the spirit herbs.
At present, there were more than twenty spirit herbs. Jiang Hao recognized some of them. Their value should be high, especially because they gave off bubbles.
If a particular spirit herb could consistently produce blue bubbles, it would
undoubtedly be incredibly valuable.
In front of another cave, Ding Yu frowned.
“If we leave the spirit herbs here unattended, they might wither. Moreover, there’s no one mining in the mine here.”
Even if they found someone at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, the person might run away after they left. They needed someone to mine in the cave.
“What should we do then? That person won’t come with us, and the other three are at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm,” Xia Dong said.
“Let’s find a way to cooperate. I think it’s possible,” said Ding Yu.
Xia Dong frowned. “How do we cooperate?”
“We hand over all the spirit herbs to that person, and then we divide the profits equally. The same goes for the ores,” Ding Yu said.
“Will they agree to that? We aren’t sure how they distribute their profits,” said Xia Dong.
Ding Yu thought for a moment. “It’s highly likely that they’ll agree to an equal split. We attempted to recruit them, so it means that we’ve increased our value. If those three aren’t fools, they won’t have any intention to refuse us. Also, we didn’t suffer any losses. After all, we brought spirit herbs and a new mine into the equation. Having more people will be beneficial for the future. Golden Core Realm cultivators might be arriving in this area soon. The only thing I’m worried about is the mine. I heard it’s not an ordinary one, and someone might keep an eye on it.”
“What’s special about that mine?” Xia Dong asked curiously.
“It’s hard to say, but one of my senior sisters went in before. Ten days later, she left and didn’t dare to get close again. She warned me not to enter. Even if I do enter, she told me not to linger there. If your mental strength isn’t firm enough, you might fall into the trap,” Ding Yu said.
“But that person has been mining there for a long time…” Xia Dong was puzzled.
“His mind may be very firm, but it’s also possible that he has already fallen into the trap. I asked him if he wanted to leave as a way to test him.” Ding Yu sighed. “Unfortunately, I couldn’t get an answer. However, he does seem to have been mining there for a long time. If we go over and join them, it won’t be a bad thing.”
Three days later, Jiang Hao noticed that there were suddenly many more spirit herbs.
He realized that there were two additional partners in their group. Those were the two people from before.
Gu Wen explained to him that they wanted to join their group and share the profits equally.
Jiang Hao didn’t refuse this arrangement. The more spirit herbs, the better.
During these two days, he hadn’t seen the Charm Goddess anywhere. Everything was relatively quiet.
On the seventh day, she appeared again.
“It seems if I don’t look for you, you won’t look for me at all,” said a resentful voice.
Jiang Hao sensed magic in those words, as though they were trying to persuade him to care about her.
‘Is this a charm technique?’
Fortunately, he didn’t feel anything even after hearing those words.
“Do you think my clothes are too revealing? I’ll wear more clothes next time,” the Charm Goddess said in a soft voice when she noticed Jiang Hao’s indifference.
“What is the danger in this cave?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I don’t know, but…” Before the Charm Goddess could continue, her head was sliced off by a single sword strike.
She glared angrily at Jiang Hao. “Can’t you let me finish speaking? I don’t know, but if you’re curious, I can find out for you. I hate you!”
After that, the Charm Goddess disappeared from the spot.
Jiang Hao paid no attention to her and continued mining.
At the Myriad Stone Forest, the Heavenly Stele Mountain stood tall.
A man who appeared to be in his late twenties was contemplating a stone tablet.
After a while, he opened his eyes and looked into the distance. “It’s almost time… It’s almost time. After preparing for so many years, I’ve finally returned to this place. Little Mei, wait for me… wait for me to find you. This time, I’ll take you out of here. You belong to me!”
His desire was clear in his eyes.
“Unfortunately, this body is too weak. Even with all my strength, it’s only at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. I need more power. If I successfully comprehend the divine ability from this stone tablet, I’ll have more hope. Many people want to get to you, but nobody is quicker than I am. Taking you out of here is difficult, but I have thought of a way. This time, I’ll have you completely.. Hahaha!”