Chapter 294: Getting Rich
One month after entering the Corpse Realm, Jiang Hao felt that the bubbles were appearing slower than usual in the mines.
By now, there were a total of nine bubbles. On average, he was only adding four or five points each time to his cultivation.
At this rate, it would take him a year to advance. But stability was valuable.
Besides, being able to advance in just over a year wasn’t such a bad thing.
He could sell the ores mined in exchange for spirit stones.
With those spirit stones, he could find a way to buy a special spirit herb that would give him more bubbles.
He could talk to Lian Daozhi about it. If he had any high-quality seeds, Jiang Hao could help him cultivate those.
If he had enough spirit stones, he had endless opportunities. He could even activate the bloodline of the spirit beast once again, and it might cough another golden bubble.
Clang! Clang!
As Jiang Hao was mining in the cave, he unearthed a large ore.
As the ore hit the ground, a bubble appeared.
Just as it emerged, a purple light flashed.
[Divine Power Fragment +1]
‘Huh? A purple bubble?’
The sudden appearance of a purple bubble surprised him. He looked at the ore. The ore was as thick as a person’s arm and of knee-length.
‘Is this just a random drop or a special ore?’
He cleared the area around the ore to examine it more carefully. As he cleared the debris away, he noticed that the actual ore was only half the size. The color of the ore changed. It was bright green.
As he continued to clean it, it turned into a translucent emerald, green chunk of rock.
A green light could be seen inside the ore.
The light was full of vitality.
‘What kind of ore is this?’
Jiang Hao didn’t recognize the ore, but he knew it must be incredibly valuable.
‘It’s a pity it can’t be used on a saber. Otherwise, it would have been useful to me. Maybe I can sell it…’
He couldn’t take this ore back with him. He had to sell it here.
However, there was a problem. Did the disciples here have that many spirit stones?
Jiang Hao didn’t think they would have many spirit stones. Perhaps they would have only a few thousand spirit stones or even less.
Should he find a Golden Core Realm cultivator or a Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator?
Golden Core Realm cultivators wouldn’t have too many spirit stones. As for Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators, it was hard to say.
‘If everyone is as poor as I am, then even Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators probably might not have much either.’
Jiang Hao put away the ore and sighed.
He continued to mine. He mostly got white bubbles.
Jiang Hao was quite satisfied with it.
He could clearly feel his strength and spirit getting stronger. He wouldn’t mind mining for a hundred years if necessary.
Whenever he felt a sense of danger, he retreated with the ores.
He was very curious about the danger in the mines, but he didn’t dare to explore it. He could only follow the rules.
When he left the mine, he saw Gu Wen waiting for him. “Fellow disciple, we sold a lot of things and earned a lot.” “How much did we get?”
Jiang Hao saw that the ores were fewer than before.
“We divided everything equally among us. This is your share.” Gu Wen handed him some spirit stones. There were a total of 3,676 spirit stones.
‘So many?’
Their gains had to be split among six people, which meant they had earned about twenty thousand spirit stones. How was that possible?
It couldn’t be right. Ores were cheap.
Gu Wen seemed to have seen through Jiang Hao’s doubts. “Actually, ores are quite cheap, but there’s one that’s relatively rare called Green Surging Heart.
Those are quite expensive.”
Jiang Hao nodded. He remembered the green ore he just obtained.
“I actually just found a greenish-looking ore.”
Jiang Hao wasn’t worried about the others cheating him off of spirit stones. He believed that they wouldn’t be too stingy.
“Oh?” Gu Wen was surprised. “What did it look like?”
At this moment, the others walked over, seemingly interested in the new ore.
Jiang Hao took out the ore. Everyone was astonished to see it. Zhuge Zheng’s eyes widened. “Can I buy this ore from you?”
He looked at the others, as if wary that someone might try to snatch it from him.
“An innate trace of sword intent…” Gu Wen was also amazed. “Although a trace of sword intent isn’t much, for certain people, it’s a rare find. No price is too high for it. But we have a relatively low cultivation level, and if we set a high price, no one will buy it. Instead, others will try to snatch it away. So, I think you should set a reasonable price. How about 36,000 spirit stones?”
“Thirty-six thousand?” Zhuge Zheng frowned.
Jiang Hao was also surprised.
“Thirty-six thousand isn’t too high, right? Besides, if we split it evenly, you only need to pay thirty thousand,” Ding Yu said.
“I don’t have that many spirit stones.” 7.h11of Zheng said “I can                                          magictreasures as collateral. If I get more spirit stones later, I can redeem them.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He had just earned almost four thousand spirit stones.
Were disciples of major sects really poor like him?
He thought having more than two thousand spirit stones was not bad.
“Then just pay what you have,” Jiang Hao said.
He didn’t want the magical treasures. It would be hard to sell them.
Finally, Zhuge Zheng brought out four magical treasures as collateral.
Jiang Hao received five thousand spirit stones and a jade pendant.
“This is my sect’s jade pendant. If I don’t pay you the remaining spirit stones, you can take the pendant to my sect to exchange it for a thousand spirit stones or even more. In short, you won’t suffer a loss,” Zhuge Zheng said.
“Sword?” Jiang Hao looked at the word “sword” written on the jade pendant.
This pendant was indeed extraordinary. Even as a late-stage Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator, he felt its weight.
“The northern immortal sect… The Mountain Sea Sword Sect, where the sword gives birth to one lifeblood and millions of sword immortals illuminate the mountains and seas.” Gu Wen admired him.
Jiang Hao felt helpless. Of all the places in the world, the sect had to be in the north. He wouldn’t set foot in the northern region because the Divine Corpse Sect hated him.
He could only wait for an opportunity in the future.
He was more willing to go to the East instead. The Clear Sky School and the Bright Moon Sect were in the east.
He had only seen the mention of the Mountain Sea Sword Sect in the Mountain and Sea Chronicles.
“Is the Mountain Sea Sword Sect really formidable?” Murong Qingqing asked.
Jiang Hao had also wanted to ask that.
“Formidable?” Ding Yu smiled. “All the sects are. The Mountain Sea Sword Sect is on par with the Clear Sky School, although its ranking is not as high as the
Clear Sky School.”
Jiang Hao was stunned.
Jiang Hao, who had planned to go check on the spirit herbs, felt strange. He looked into the distance.
‘Here it comes… The summons…’