Chapter 295: Faster and Stronger Than Me
‘Here it comes again…’
It came once a month now.
Jiang Hao sensed that this time it was just the summoning, and it didn’t show him a path. But he could feel that the location seemed to be somewhere other than the Myriad Stone Forest. It should be somewhere else this time. ‘I wonder if it’s the same thing that is summoning me from before.’ He looked at the people around him. They all looked calm.
‘Is it that they didn’t hear the summons, or are they just good at pretending?’
Jiang Hao shook his head and didn’t pay any attention to the summons. He continued to tend to the spirit herbs.
It was a good way to improve his cultivation and earn spirit stones at the same time.
Myriad Stone Forest.
Heavenly Stele Mountain.
Yun Qi looked at the stone tablet in confusion. “Is the time?”
“Yes, it’s almost time. We should leave.” Lan Qian nodded. “We’ll wait for the next appearance. We don’t know where it will be exactly, but it should reappear within the next month. It will appear at least six times within a year.” “What can you comprehend in just one month?” Yun Qi asked.
“That’s just how it is with the Heavenly Stele Mountain. If you can’t comprehend it within a month, you can abandon the current stone tablet. If you don’t, it will be replaced by something else,” Lan Qian said.
“What if I don’t leave?” Yun Qi asked.
“I don’t know.” Fairy Lan Qian shook her head. “All I know is that those who didn’t leave have never appeared again after Heavenly Stele Mountain disappeared for half a month. No one knows where they went.”
Whoosh!
Suddenly, the stone tablet emitted a faint light.
“It’s happening again,” Yun Qi said and looked at the woman beside him.
“It’s another summoning.” Lan Qian frowned. “The fact that it’s summoning again after such a long time means that the person it’s calling for hasn’t arrived yet. And the fact that it summoned the person before it disappeared means the next location has already been determined. The person who received the summoning most likely knows the location already.”
“If such a person enters Heavenly Stele Mountain, will it cause any unusual phenomena?” Yun Qi asked.
“In theory, it shouldn’t…” Lan Qian thought for a moment. “Only if they comprehend something extraordinary will it attract the attention of the Heavenly Stele Mountain. But it’s just that such people are more likely to comprehend things more easily.”
The two then walked out of Heavenly Stele Mountain.
As they descended, a man who looked about twenty-seven or twenty-eight years old passed by them without even glancing at them.
Yun Qi turned to look in surprise. “That person looks very strange.”
Lan Qian turned to glance at him. “His peak Primordial Spirit Realm fluctuates. What’s strange about that?”
“The body isn’t his. He has taken possession of it and his soul is extremely strong,” Yun Qi said.
Lan Qian furrowed her brows but didn’t speak.
“Let’s go, Senior Sister. Let’s go elsewhere and then look for Heavenly Stele Mountain. In case that genius appears, we can witness their greatness together,” Yun Qi said.
The two left Heavenly Stele Mountain. After a little while, Heavenly Stele Mountain gradually disappeared, as if it had never existed in the first place.
At this moment, the man smiled and looked into the distance.
With one step, he leaped far ahead. He had the power to shrink space.
“With this magical power, I find Little Mei even faster and take her away from here. Blood Tide Forest, here I come! No one can stop me!”
He disappeared from where he stood. It wouldn’t be long before he arrived at the Blood Tide Forest.
“Have you ever thought that the person you don’t want to bother with might be the most beautiful person in the world?”
Jiang Hao paused and looked behind at the Charm Goddess.
“Did you finally notice my beauty? But I’m mad at you now. If you don’t persuade me, I won’t forgive you.”
Clang!
Jiang Hao had already drawn his Half-Moon Blade. Moonlight flashed.
The blade beheaded the Charm Goddess.
If it weren’t for the occasional rare ores, he would have gone somewhere else to mine.
There were indeed ores in the cave Ding Yu had mentioned, but the situation there seemed uncertain. And the quality of the ores there was just… average.
“No one cares about you except me, but you treat me this way!” The Charm Goddess was furious. She disappeared from sight.
Jiang Hao was unaffected by her antics. Sometimes he couldn’t tell whether his indifference was actually caused by the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison or if he had always been like this.
However, one thing was certain. Mining was more important to him than the Charm Goddess.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao found that all the ores had been successfully sold.
Unfortunately, this time he only received one thousand five hundred spirit stones.
So far, he had a total of over eleven thousand spirit stones.
In just over a month, he had made a fortune!
If it continued like this, he could earn more than what he could earn in several years outside.
However, he noticed that Gu Wen and the others had started fighting with others.
It seemed that everyone had gained some opportunities.
Zhuge Zheng seemed to have obtained the opportunity in advance and was currently absorbing the wisp of sword intent.
The others were not too happy about that.
Because once absorbed, Zhuge Zheng might advance to the Gold Core Realm.
They were all at the Foundation Establishment Realm, but he would soon advance to Golden Core Realm. It didn’t sit well with them.
So, the other four decided to do something to stop him.
Jiang Hao didn’t care. He had his spirit stones. That’s all that mattered to him.
But soon, there was bad news.
“It’s not so easy now.” Gu Wen sighed. “Everyone who enters either doesn’t bring many spirit stones or doesn’t have enough to begin with. Unless we exchange items or treasures with the ores and spirit herbs, we won’t earn much. Or… we might need to find more people. What do you all think?” Gu Wen asked.
“Spirit stones or item exchanges are fine. As time goes on, Gold Core Realm cultivators will definitely come here. We should avoid them,” Ding Yu said. “We will be targeted for our spirit stones. We should hide.”
“They will mostly give up on Heavenly Stele Mountain in half a year. We still have some time,” Zhuge Zheng said.
“Can’t we find seniors from our own sects Xia Dong asked.
“I think we can. I’ll look for a senior above the Golden Core Realm. Do you all agree to that?” asked Gu Wen.
Xia Dong was silent. The seniors would be formidably strong. Something might go wrong.
Jiang Hao suddenly frowned and looked into the distance. Someone was coming. Something terrifyingly strong…
‘Judging from the fluctuation of spiritual energy, probably something at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Something stronger than me…’
Jiang Hao felt uneasy.
Wasn’t it supposed to be a Gold Core Realm cultivator? How did someone in the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm appear all of a sudden?
Jiang Hao was shocked.
That was definitely not an ordinary body technique. Even his Light and Dust technique might be inferior in comparison.
It seemed that he still had to comprehend the Light and Dust Technique further if he wanted to have an advantage.
As soon as he appeared, his cultivation and technique were suppressed.
As expected, there was no place safer than his sect..