Chapter 296: Beat Him Up For Me
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao looked at the person warily.
The person showed no concern for the people around him and didn’t pay any attention to them at all. Although his aura wasn’t unleashed fully, it was still too much to bear for those at the Foundation Establishment Realm.
Gu Wen and the others looked at the newcomer with worry.
“Greetings, Senior,” Gu Wen said. “Is there anything we can do for you?”
‘Is he looking at the mine?’ Jiang Hao noticed that the person had been staring at the mine with obvious desire.
Jiang Hao guessed that he might have come for the Charm Goddess.
He used the Daily Appraisal ability on him.
Jiang Hao discovered that although the person was at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm, there was something strange about him.
[Ye Dong: True disciple of the Heavenly Feather Sect. At the Peak of the
Primordial Spirit Realm. He was killed by Shang An for his misdeeds. Then, his body was taken over by the latter. He has come for the Charm Goddess. He wants to take the Charm Goddess and her stone coffin outside the Corpse Realm, even if it means injuring himself severely.]
Jiang Hao was speechless. As expected, the person was here for the Charm Goddess.
Jiang Hao couldn’t understand. Was it really necessary to go this far for a woman?
There were many beautiful women in this world, each with different personalities and traits. Why must he fixate on the Charm Goddess to this extent? Was a charm technique affecting his sanity?
‘Maybe I’ll never understand the feeling…’ Jiang Hao sighed.
Firstly, because of the Heaven Extinction Gu Poison, he wasn’t affected by charm techniques. Secondly, he was solely focused on improving his cultivation. He didn’t want to get involved in romantic affairs, let alone find a partner.
These things would only become a burden in the long run.
“Are you mining here?” Shang An asked as he glanced at the ores.
“Yes. Do you need some ores, Senior?” asked Gu Wen politely. “We can give them all to you.”
The others didn’t speak.
The person seemed to be at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm, but his spiritual energy far exceeded that level. No one wanted to offend him.
The person had specifically come for the Charm Goddess. He wouldn’t waste time chasing Jiang Hao.
“Who entered the mine?” Shang An asked.
Gu Wen fell silent.
“Me,” Jiang Hao said.
Shang An looked at him. “Did you see anything inside?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“What did you see?”
“A woman,” Jiang Hao said truthfully.
Gu Wen and the others were surprised. They didn’t know about this.
“Alright. Stop talking.” Shang An looked excited.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand why he was behaving that way. After a while, Shang An said, “When do you enter the mine?”
“At night,” Jiang Hao said.
“I’ll go in with you tonight,” Shang An said.
After that, he sat down on the ground and waited. His gaze was fixed on the entrance of the cave.
Jiang Hao looked at the others. They didn’t say anything else.
As for the woman Jiang Hao had mentioned, they didn’t ask about it further. But they did remember their seniors warning them about entering the mine. Perhaps it was because of this.
In the evening, the danger in the mine began to dissipate.
Jiang Hao stood at the entrance.
“It’s safe to enter now,” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao nodded and walked inside. Shang An followed him.
The others exchanged curious glances and began to retreat. After a while, they gathered together.
“What do you all think?” Gu Wen asked.
“Who is the woman?” Murong Qingqing asked.
“This powerful cultivator came for her. Could it be that Jiang Hao is also mining because of her?” Xia Dong asked.
“My Senior Sister once said that it’s easy to fall into temptation once inside. Have they all fallen for her?” Ding Yu was puzzled.
“It seems that my Senior Brother broke through after half a year of mining. It’s highly possible that he achieved enlightenment through his state of mind. However, we still don’t know who the woman is and how many people will come for her. If we think about it carefully, this place is very dangerous.” Gu Wen expressed his concern.
“Should we leave?” Zhuge Zheng asked.
“We should see how the senior handles it. But we might become hostages. Now is the best opportunity to leave,” Ding Yu said.
“Are you all going to leave?” Gu Wen asked the others. There was no response. “I think it’s best to have the freedom to come and go, but let’s agree in advance that we won’t take anything with us.”
“You’re not leaving?” Zhuge Zheng asked.
“Of course not. With any luck, I can make a fortune here and return to the sect with plenty of spirit stones. It will be much more convenient,” Gu Wen said with a smile.
This statement left everyone stunned. They couldn’t even refute it.
Indeed, in just a month, they had obtained ten thousand spirit stones.
What does ten thousand spirit stones a month mean?
Even if they continuously performed tasks, it would have taken them so long to collect that many spirit stones.
Zhuge Zheng also understood that his magical treasures were provided by his family, but spirit stones were always scarce.
Even with five thousand spirit stones per month, they could have everything they ever wanted.
“I’ll stay too,” Ding Yu said.
He wasn’t enticed by the spirit stones but had his own reasons.
“I’m leaving,” Zhuge Zheng said.
The others understood that Zhuge Zheng was about to ascend to the Gold Core Realm.
There was no need to take the risk.
Murong Qingqing was drawing something with a branch, but it broke.
“I’ll stay too,” she said.
“I’ll stay as well,” Xia Dong said.
Inside the mine, Jiang Hao walked ahead. “Senior, have you been here before?”
“I have.” Shang An nodded.
At a three-way intersection, Jiang Hao went left.
“To the left?” Shang An frowned. “Shouldn’t you be mining on the right side?” “Why should I mine on the right side?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Didn’t you see Little Mei?” Shang An didn’t understand, “Didn’t she ask you to mine on the right side?”
“I just came here to mine,” Jiang Hao said. “It didn’t matter where I do the mining”
That puzzled Shang An. “You don’t like Little Mei?” “Why should I like her?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Little Mei is so good…”
“There are more beautiful people in this world, and there are people with better personalities. Why should I like her?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Because none of those people like you,” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao was speechless. He didn’t understand Shang An at all.
“I came here to take Little Mei out of here and keep her by my side forever,” Shang An said.
“Senior, have you ever thought that she might go to find other powerful cultivators?” Jiang Hao asked.
Shang An fell silent.
After a while, Jiang Hao arrived at the spot and began to mine.
In the middle of the night, the familiar fragrance appeared, and Shang An became alert.
Little Mei appeared out of thin air.
She was dressed in robes today. It covered her entire body, which pleased
Shang An.
“Little Mei?” He called out in surprise.
“Um?” The Charm Goddess looked at Shang An in confusion.
“It’s me… Shang An.”
“Shang An?” The Charm Goddess approached Shang An and touched his face.
“How did you become like this? I didn’t even recognize you.”
“Is it really you?” The Charm Goddess grabbed Shang An’s hand and pressed it against her chest.
Shang An blushed. “There is someone else here.”
“Oh, he doesn’t like me at all. I like him so much, but he doesn’t pay attention to me. Shang An, can you beat him up for me?” The Charm Goddess asked miserably..