Chapter 297: Humble
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao froze and looked warily at Shang An.
He started to communicate with the golden ring. The other person wouldn’t really give him enough time to escape.
“Why?” Shang An looked a bit hesitant. “I feel that this fellow disciple is quite decent.’
“Alright. I’ll listen to you and spare him,” said the Charm Goddess. “Shang An, why did you come here? Do you miss me?”
” I came to rescue you. This time, I am well-prepared and can take you out of here,” Shang An said.
“But if I go out, I will definitely find other men. Will you be jealous if I do that? I might also fall in love with them, but I will definitely like you more than anyone else, Shang An,” said the Charm Goddess. “So… maybe you shouldn’t rescue me. Just come and visit me whenever you want to.”
“It’s hard for me to come here,” said Shang An. “I will save you, and then you can do whatever you want.”
“I really like you, Shang An.” The Charm Goddess hugged Shang An. “After we get out of here, I will give birth to a son for you, and then a daughter. If it’s not yours, I don’t want it.”
Jiang Hao was speechless. He was surprised by Shang An’s reaction. He didn’t listen to the Charm Goddess and avoided a fight with him.
What surprised him was that Shang An acted so… humbly.
Did he need to stoop so low? With his cultivation, he could find anyone he wanted.
It made Jiang Hao frustrated. He couldn’t bear to see Shang An being treated that way.
He sighed and continued to mine. He couldn’t get involved in other people’s affairs.
Later, they left that place and went in different directions. Jiang Hao was happy to have some peace and quiet.
[Spirit +1] [Strength +1]
[Spirit Sword +1]
He felt the familiar sense of danger and stopped mining. ‘The time passed so quickly that I didn’t even notice it.’
Jiang Hao walked out with the ores.
At the fork in the road, he met Shang An.
Shang An looked overjoyed.
“Senior.” Jiang Hao respectfully greeted him. “Just call me Shang An.” Shang An smiled. “I’m Jiang Hao.”
Then the two walked outside the cave together.
When they came out, they noticed that one person was missing.
According to Gu Wen, Zhuge Zheng had left to focus on breaking through to the Gold Core Realm.
“How about I join your group? I can help with mining,” said Shang An. “I am okay with however you are distributing your gains.”
Gu Wen was pleasantly surprised. “How could that be? Senior, your aura protects us from the nearby riffraff. Your share should be more. What do you all think?”
The others had no objections, but Jiang Hao was a little unhappy. However, when he saw that Shang An had brought out more ores than him, he readily agreed.
With the Charm Goddess’ help, perhaps he could dig up something valuable.
For the next month, they continued mining.
At first, the Charm Goddess didn’t appear before them, but she started showing up in the second half of the night.
This made Jiang Hao frown.
“Do you feel neglected? I can accompany you to mine now. Would you like to praise me a little?”
Clang!
The Charm Goddess’ head flew off.
If Shang An was present, Jiang Hao couldn’t make a move. How dare she come to disturb him again.
Jiang Hao continued mining.
His gains had been quite good. In the past three weeks, he had already obtained eight blue bubbles. He might have a chance to obtain two more blue bubbles.
In the early morning, he felt the danger and retreated.
At this moment, he saw Shang An sitting in front of the spirit field. He had come out of the cave early.
“Senior, why did you come out so early?” Jiang Hao asked.
‘When Little Mei went to find you, I came out,” Shang An said.
“Why did you agree to it?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Shang An fell silent.
“Do you look down on me? Do you think I’m so infatuated with her that I would agree to anything, no matter how low it might be?”
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
He didn’t want to quarrel with Shang An.
“You might not understand. She is the only person in my life who truly cares for me,” Shang An said sadly. “My current appearance is not my true self. The real me was very ugly. I was born in a mountainous village. I was bitten by venomous creatures, and my body exuded a foul odor. My appearance was…
unbearable. Later, I was taken away by the Ten Thousand Poison Sect, and that was when I began my cultivation path.”
Jiang Hao was surprised to hear that.
Shang An took a deep breath. “Because I was born close to venomous creatures, my cultivation progress was rapid. But my appearance and body had already been corroded by poison, and it was difficult to reverse the effect. Even if I achieved great progress in cultivation, I still looked hideous. I sought other women. They didn’t refuse me, but I could see that they were disgusted by me. Even if they concealed it well, I could still sense it. For so many years, I didn’t dare to get close to women at all. I was afraid my twisted character would make me harm them. I have this tendency in my character that I… I don’t want to be that person anymore.”
“Then I met Little Mei. She wasn’t disgusted by me. She only held curiosity and affection toward me. You can’t understand that feeling. It’s the feeling of being loved for the first time in this life. I couldn’t forget her. I wanted Little Mei to be mine. My desires drive me. I want to be ahead of others and have her forever for myself, even if it means I have to make sacrifices. You might not understand it…”
Jiang Hao fell silent.
He sat down next to Shang An. “Indeed, I can’t understand. I’m wholeheartedly focused on becoming stronger. I don’t want to be influenced by such emotions.”
Shang An smiled. “Cultivation is also about satisfying one’s desires. Every cultivator desires longevity and strength. It’s just that my desires are a bit different from theirs.”
“If Little Mei dies, what will you do?” Jiang Hao asked.
He recalled another Golden Core Realm cultivator who had died to avenge Senior Sister Yun Ruo.
Shang An shook his head.
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything more. He thought that there might definitely be someone who might want to kill the Charm Goddess. She didn’t know how to restrain her desires at all.
After that, Jiang Hao began to take care of the spirit herbs. There were more spirit herbs than before. If they could sell all of them, they might earn thousands of spirit stones.
He wondered how much profit he would make this month.
Boom!
Suddenly, there was a rumble from ahead.
Soon, Gu Wen and Ding Yu returned. They were returned.
“What happened?” Shang An asked.
“A Gold Core Realm cultivator appeared and tried to take our ores,” Gu Wen said.
Soon, the Gold Core Realm cultivator caught up with them.
He saw Shang An and hesitated. Then, he fled.
Shang An reached out, and the opponent activated a defensive treasure. In an instant, a powerful defense emerged, and the space started to distort. He
wanted to teleport away.
Bang!
After Shang An shattered the defense, the opponent was shaken by the aftermath. He spat out blood and disappeared on the spot.
Jiang Hao frowned. Shang An had held back.
It seemed he didn’t want to engage with the other party.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind. As far as anyone knew, he was only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He didn’t want to get into trouble.
What he cared about was how much profit he would make this time.
However, before anyone else could speak, he felt the summons once again. It just wouldn’t end.
Soon after, he saw a passage. If he responded, he could instantly take the path.
Jiang Hao was speechless..