Chapter 298: Will Heavenly Stele Mountain Appear Here?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the edge of the Blood Tide Forest, a man in robes appeared from a spatial vortex.
He was coughing up blood and his face was pale.
The aftermath of the attack from someone in the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm had injured him severely.
“Ye Dong? How could he be here?” Bu Hai Cheng leaned against a tree.
He quickly took out a spiritual pill and swallowed it. If he didn’t act fast after suffering such a blow, he might be stuck here forever.
Bu Hai Cheng knew well that he would undoubtedly die if Ye Dong found him.
He had just advanced to the Golden Core Realm, and he didn’t expect to encounter someone in the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“Why would he be here? What is he doing here? Is it also for that mine? Does he know what’s inside?” Bu Hai Cheng found it hard to believe that. Why would Ye Dong come here alone?
At that moment, a ray of light flashed from his waist.
Without hesitation, Bu Hai Cheng activated the jade pendant hanging from his waist.
“How is it going on your side, Junior Brother Bu?” A voice came from the jade pendant.
Bu Hai Cheng coughed painfully. “I should have found the mine. There’s the Green Surging Heart Ore Vein inside.”
“Green Surging Heart ore? Then it’s probably true. We’re almost there. We’ll be able to get there in a few days,” said the voice from the jade pendant.
“But there’s a problem,” said Bu Hai Cheng weakly. “After advancing to the Golden Core Realm, I planned to go there and investigate, but I found Ye Dong there. It seems like he’s also interested in that mine.”
“Ye Dong? How did he come here? Did you manage to escape?” said the voice from the jade pendant.
“By luck,” Bu Hai Cheng said.
“Alright, I’ll arrange for someone to assist you. Although dealing with Ye Dong may be troublesome, he’s not a concern as long as there are no other Primordial Spirit Realm experts nearby. We need to act quickly to avoid any complications. Ye Dong’s sudden appearance in the Foundation Establishment region indicates that there’s something important drawing him away from Heavenly Stele Mountain. There must be something we don’t know, and we neea to De rast,” sara tne voice rrom tne jaae penaant.
“By the way, I heard some rumors before coming in,” Bu Hai Cheng said. “They say someone wants to trap Ye Dong in the Corpse Realm. Now that he’s here, he will undoubtedly attract even stronger opponents.”
“That’s indeed troublesome. It seems we need to find some more people, but first, we should know who’s there. Maybe we can gather some information from their side,” said the voice from the jade pendant.
“That’s easy, I heard about it before entering the Corpse Realm. They’re selling ores, so we can inquire about the situation,” Bu Hai Cheng said.
“Alright, wait for two days, and I’ll send some people over to join you,” the voice from the jade pendant said. The light from the pendant dimmed.
Bu Hai Cheng leaned against the tree and gazed up at the sky as if pondering something. Suddenly, he became excited.
“I remember when I was scanning the area, I saw someone in the later Foundation Establishment Realm. Let’s see if we can ascertain their origin and perhaps try to communicate with them. In the place where Ye Dong is, the other weaker cultivators are like prisoners, so we might be able to use them. If not, we’ll have to think carefully before taking any action, as we might scare away the snake before catching it.”
Jiang Hao looked into the distance, where the Three Elements Array of the Corpse Realm seemed to be.
If he took a step forward, he would arrive at the summoning location.
However, it made him feel like he was walking into a trap.
So, he ignored it once again.
No matter what it was, he didn’t think it would be any good.
Even if it was a great opportunity, he couldn’t risk it.
He had the Hong Meng Heart Sutra for his cultivation technique, the Primordial Heavenly Sword for his magical treasure, along with the nine golden rings, and his divine abilities.
He also had sealing techniques like the Universe in a Palm and the Seven-Star Sealing Technique.
Moreover, he had a movement technique like the Light and Dust Technique.
He knew a total of three forms from the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade.
He knew how to be stealthy from the nameless manual.
Jiang Hao didn’t lack anything.
If he needed something else, he could still obtain it in the future.
The Hong Meng Heart Sutra had follow-up techniques, and divine abilities and magical treasures can be added after.
It wasn’t necessary for him to seek dangerous adventures right now.
He was doing fine in the Foundation Establishment region. He was becoming stronger and earning spirit stones.
One could say that this was his greatest opportunity.
Afterward, he stopped thinking and began tending to the spirit herbs.
Two people had left, so he was roughly certain about this month’s earnings.
In the evening, Xia Dong and Murong Qingqing returned. They sat together to calculate the total earnings.
In the end, Jiang Hao received 2,160 spirit stones, which was a bit less compared to what he had gotten before.
“Mainly because there weren’t many buyers. We sold at a very low price, but they still ran out of spirit stones. We need to find more people,” Gu Wen said helplessly.
Indeed, there aren’t many spirit stones in the Foundation Establishment region.
“If many Golden Core Realm cultivators enter the Corpse Realm, it will be easier. If they aren’t here to seize the Foundation Establishment region’s opportunities, we can try to trade with them, ” Ding Yu said.
“But why would Golden Core Realm cultivators come here?” Murong Qingqing
asked.
“If there’s something extraordinary here, it might attract them,” Xia Dong said.
“Something extraordinary?” Gu Wen suddenly thought of something. “There is one thing extraordinary here.”
“What is it?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Heavenly Stele Mountain,” Gu Wen said jokingly. “Heavenly Stele Mountain can move, so if it comes to the Blood Tide Forest, nearby Gold Core Realm cultivators will definitely come here. Then, we can easily sell things.”
“Why don’t we go up to Heavenly Stele Mountain ourselves?” Murong Qingqing asked.
“We can go there and extract ores at the same time,” Ding Yu said.
“Don’t daydream. Let’s be realistic. I’ve never heard of heavenly Stele Mountain appearing at the Blood Tide Forest,” Xia Dong said.
They all smiled. It was just a casual remark. Everyone Imew it was impossible.
Jiang Hao sighed. This was getting troublesome. It was indeed possible to take the ores with them and sell them, but it might attract unnecessary attention.
If some seniors asked for the spirit stones to borrow, would they be able to refuse?
Jiang Hao realized that mining in the Corpse Realm was very profitable.
He didn’t know if he would have the chance to come here again.
“Take your time. There’s no rush, ” Shang An said. “If it doesn’t work, we can just sell the ores here slowly.”
Jiang Hao looked at Shang An.
Yuan Shen cultivators should have plenty of spiritual stones. If he could give Shang An Daoist the batch of mines he was allocated, would that work?
“Is that possible?”
“Sure,” Shang An said. “But we might need to lower the price. Of course, we might not sell them all in the end. I don’t have many spirit stones, either.”
Gu Wen was speechless.
‘He’s really easy to talk to…’ Jiang Hao was also surprised.
With the earnings secured, he felt relieved. He could continue mining.
After dark, he went inside the mine with Shang An.
“Do you have any knowledge about the dangers here, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked..