Chapter 299: Giving Birth
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“At first, I did try to explore, but I didn’t find anything,” Shang An said. “When I tried to enter during the day, I felt that my lifeblood was constantly being absorbed. I couldn’t find anything at all. It’s like an endless abyss here that devours everything.”
“Absorbing lifeblood?” Jiang Hao thought about it but couldn’t figure anything out. Although curious, he had no intention of trying it out. Some dangers are best avoided if possible. Less curiosity meant less danger.
Unless some danger arises while he’s mining, then he’ll have to pay attention.
The Corpse Realm gave him the feeling that many places here were dangerous but generally safe the rest of the time. He didn’t know why.
Someone came out to greet Jiang Hao at the fork in the road.
A charming figure, like a white light, landed on Shang An. She hugged him.
“Shang An, you’re here. I’ve been thinking about you all day. Did you miss me?”
“Yes, I did.” Shang An nodded.
She held him even tighter and then turned to Jiang Hao. “Do you want me to hug you too? Sweet-talk to me a little, and next time, I might give you a hug too.”
Jiang Hao ignored her and said to Shang An, “I’m going left, Senior. You’re going right?”
Shang An nodded.
“In that case, I won’t disturb you,” Jiang Hao said and headed to the left.
“Shang An, let’s ignore him. Let’s go to the little room. Tonight, we can try a different position.”
Jiang Hao heard them as they left.
“Keep your voice down. It’s easy to be overheard,” Shang An said.
“What are you afraid of? It’s not like we’re doing something wrong. We’re partners,” the Charm Goddess said.
“Partners?”
“Don’t you want me?”
“I do…”
“In that case, take me out of here. I’ll give you a child first. A son, maybe. I’m afraid a daughter will tempt you just like me in the future. Oh, your body… We need your true body to make a child.”
“But my body… It’s a bit…”
“A bit what? A bit handsome? A bit likable? Anyway, I want your true body. Otherwise, you can’t touch me. You can only touch this illusionary body. Is that okay? Otherwise, I’ll feel rejected.”
“No, how could that be? Alright, when the time comes…”
Jiang Hao couldn’t hear their voices anymore. But he didn’t know how to talk with Shang An.
What’s wrong with him? Why was he being so stupid when it came to the Charm Goddess?
‘I don’t understand.’
Jiang Hao arrived at the mining location and swung his hoe to continue gathering bubbles.
In the middle of the night, he suddenly smelled a familiar fragrance. He turned around.
“I’ve been quietly watching you mine. Why are you always so scared?” said the Charm Goddess with a smile.
Jiang Hao looked at her and continued mining without a word.
“Are you uncomfortable when Shang An and I are together?” she asked.
Before Jiang Hao could respond, she said, “I’m angry with you, that’s why I’m deliberately provoking you. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be so obvious about it. If you want me to treat you nicely, that’s a bit difficult for me. I promised Shang An to treat him better than others because he doesn’t dislike me. I won’t break my promise, so I won’t lie to you either.”
Jiang Hao paused for a moment and then said, “If you stay away from me, perhaps I won’t kill you.”
“You’re really heartless,” she said. “Then how about you punish me? Anything is fine.”
Jiang Hao unsheathed his saber. The Charm Goddess was beheaded again.
The decapitated head of the woman on the ground glared at him. “You heartless b*stard! I don’t believe there’s any normal woman in this world who cares about you.”
Hong Yuye flashed through Jiang Hao’s mind. She might care about him, but she wasn’t really “normal.”
Jiang Hao chuckled and continued mining.
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1]
[Strength +1]
One week later, Heavenly Stele Mountain appeared once again.
This time, it was in the Primordial Spirit region.
Yun Qi and Lan Qian stood at the foot of Heavenly Stele Mountain.
“This time it’s the Primordial Spirit region. I wonder what area it will be next time,” Yun Qi said with a smile.
“The summoning is still ongoing, which means that the person still hasn’t appeared. The summoning is even stronger than before. With such a strong summoning coupled with the Three Elements Array, there’s no reason the person couldn’t find their way.” Lan Qian frowned. “Is this extraordinary genius intentionally avoiding us?”
“An extraordinary genius avoiding us?” Yun Qi was quite surprised. “Isn’t Heavenly Stele Mountain said to be the core of all opportunities? How could someone avoid that?”
“I don’t know… Maybe something has delayed him,” Lan Qian said. They proceeded forward. They didn’t stop at the first stone tablet they encountered, nor did they stop at the second.
“How many stone tablets do you want to see?” Lan Qian asked.
Yun Qi thought for a moment. “The sixth one. What do you think about it,
Senior Sister?”
“It’s nothing special. The sixth stone monument doesn’t have anything extraordinary.” Lan Qian shook her head.
“In that case, we should go there. Sometimes, the lack of something extraordinary might be the most extraordinary thing,” Yun Qi said seriously.
When they arrived at the sixth stone tablet, they stopped and stood before it.
“Is this the sixth stone tablet?” Yun Qi asked, looking at the plain-looking monument.
The size and style of the stone tablet were ordinary. However, it didn’t dampen Yun Qi’s interest. As he looked at the stone tablet, he saw an ordinary phrase written on it: “Calm your mind and spirit, and you will see heaven and earth.”
“Give it a try. They say this stone tablet is relatively easy to comprehend something from, ” Lan Qian said calmly.
Yun Qi nodded. He closed his eyes and began to comprehend it. In an instant, he seemed to resonate with the stone tablet. Soon, he saw heaven and earth. He felt as if he were standing within the universe.
‘And then?’ Yun Qi waited for a long time. It might have been a day or a week. He couldn’t tell. But that was all. He couldn’t get anything more.
‘Truly calm your mind and spirit, and you will see heaven and earth.’
Finally, he woke up. When he looked at the person beside him, he felt a special aura emanating from them.
Then, Lan Qian opened her eyes. Her eyes had some text flowing within them.
“Senior Sister, did you comprehend it too?” Yun Qi was astonished.
“Almost. By refining it here for a while, I should be able to fully comprehend its contents,” Lan Qian said calmly.
“How?” Yun Qi asked curiously.
“It’s a technique,” Lan Qian said.
“Please teach me, Senior Sister.”
“Teach you?” Lan Qian was silent for a while. “What do I get in return?”
“What do you want? If there’s something you want to learn or if there’s someone you don’t like, I can help,” Yun Qi said earnestly.
It seemed like he could handle anything.
“Then let’s wait a while. If I need something, I’ll let you know,” Lan Qian said.
“No problem. Where do we go now?” Yun Qi asked.
“Refine for a few more days, then let’s go take a look at Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars. They say that if we get close, we can see some extraordinary things. The more comprehension we have, the faster our cultivation will progress,” Lan Qian said..