Chapter 300: Capturing the Late Foundation Establishment Realm Cultivator
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
In Blood Tide Forest, after half a month of recuperation, Bu Hai Cheng’s body had finally healed. He had made rapid progress since coming here two months ago. If it weren’t for his unfortunate encounter with Ye Dong, he wouldn’t be in this situation.
At this moment, Bu Hai Cheng was waiting under a giant tree. Someone should be coming to assist him.
Sure enough, a woman approached from a distance, and her divine aura spread out. Bu Hai Cheng quickly stepped forward to greet her. “Greetings, Xue Yue.”
The woman was dressed in a blue and white gown. She looked at him icily. It seemed she didn’t want to be here.
“Is Ye Dong really here?” Xue Yue asked.
“Yes, I saw him with my own eyes, ” Bu Hai Cheng said.
“Have you found out about their situation?” Xue Yue asked.
“I can confirm that there are six of them. One is Ye Dong, and four others are in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. One is in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. The four people are a bit laid-back, but there is one person who doesn’t venture out. He only goes to the cave to mine at night and takes care of the spirit herbs,” said Bu Hai Cheng. “I still don’t know which sect they belong to , but most of the people in the Corpse Realm come from the northern region.”
“Don’t worry about where they come from. The people here have no lack of background and power. It’s better not to know so that we don’t become overly cautious,” Xue Yue said coldly.
Bu Hai Cheng nodded. The people here, regardless of their sect or strength, were formidable.
“What should we do now?” Bu Hai Cheng asked.
Xue Yue looked into the distance. “First, we need to figure out Ye Dong’s intentions. Among those people, who is the closest to him?”
“It should be the one who goes in to mine in the cave. They always enter the cave together.”
“Is there any other information about that mine?” Xue Yue asked.
In theory, no one should have discovered that mine. They had deduced that it was related to the Green Surging Heart based on information from many sources. If the mine hadn’t appeared, they might still be searching for it. So how did these people know about it?
“I’ve heard some rumors. Some say that entering that mine can cause people to lose themselves, but the details aren’t clear,” Bu Hai Cheng said. “There may be something hidden there that we are unaware of.”
“Find someone who has recently entered the mine and try to lure him out, so we can inquire about it,” Xue Yue said.
Bu Hai Cheng agreed. There should be no issues in luring that person to them. Dealing with a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator wasn’t difficult. The main concern was whether the opponent possessed life-saving treasures.
They had to be cautious and approach him discreetly before making a move.
Another seven days passed.
Jiang Hao realized that he had been in the Corpse Realm for two and a half months now. He had accumulated twenty-six blue bubbles through mining. He felt that the mines of the Heavenly Note Sect yielded definitely more than
nere.
After returning, he would have to figure out a way to go to the mines.
As for profits, there hadn’t been much progress. Currently, he had only fifteen thousand spirit stones, mostly obtained during the early period. There was still a large portion of the mined ores in the warehouse, and many spirit herbs as well. However, the spirit herbs were difficult to sell, so he could only wait.
But could they hold on until the end?
Sometimes, when Senior Brother Shang An was not around, he felt like someone was watching him. He didn’t know what they were planning.
Mining in the cave was going smoothly. As soon as the Charm Goddess appeared, he drew his saber and sent her away. He then could mine uninterrupted throughout the night.
“I’m about to dig up Little Mei’s body. Something might happen then, so I must go out and prepare. Friend Jiang, be careful. There are many ores and spirit herbs here. Someone will undoubtedly be watching,” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao nodded.
After that, Shang An briefly set up a defensive formation and then went about his own business. Once he left, Jiang Hao looked toward the mine. He frowned. “The Charm Goddess is about to come out of the mine?”
In truth, he didn’t want to encounter her. Her strength far surpassed his own. If she came out of the cave with a body, he might be in danger. Moreover, an existence like hers could easily bring various dangers.
It was clear that Shang An had no intention of restraining her. He couldn’t bet on the hope that she would change her mind. That was simply impossible. The Charm Goddess had never lied to Shang An. She had already made it clear that she might pursue other powerful individuals if she was set free.
‘Should I stop her from escaping?’
Jiang Hao frowned.
Stopping her would mean becoming an enemy of Shang An. His strength was formidable, and the difference between their cultivation levels was vast. A direct confrontation might be dangerous.
On the other hand, escaping from here was safer. Jiang Hao could conceal his aura and hide by using his techniques. It shouldn’t be easy for these people to find him.
Two figures suddenly appeared in front of the defensive formation.
‘Early stage of the Golden Core Realm and early stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm…’ Jiang Hao was surprised when he looked at them.
Another Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator had come to the Foundation Establishment region. What was the reason for so many Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators gathering here?
He remembered the person at the Golden Core Realm.
“Would you like to talk here or step out for a minute?” Bu Hai Cheng politely asked.
“Anything is fine with me,” Jiang Hao said.
He wanted to know the intentions of these people. Even if he needed to act, he didn’t need to worry much. This wasn’t the Heavenly Note Sect, and he didn’t need to be cautious about fighting here. If it didn’t attract the attention of Heavenly Stele Mountain, it should be fine.
He didn’t know how much killing would attract attention in the Corpse Realm. In any case, normal fights should be fine.
“Um…” Bu Hai Cheng was ready to persuade him but was taken aback when Jiang Hao agreed readily. It was unexpected.
Jiang Hao walked out of the defensive formation. “Shall we talk here or take a step further?”
“Let’s go further,” Bu Hai Cheng said.
The situation was proceeding too smoothly, which made him feel uneasy. Once they moved a bit farther, Jiang Hao asked, “What do you want to know?”
“We are well aware of Ye Dong. If you help us, we can help you escape his clutches,” Bu Hai Cheng said.
At first, Jiang Hao was puzzled, but then he understood. Ye Dong wasn’t a good person, and it seemed that they believed he was being held against his will. Jiang Hao thought for a while. “What do you want me to do?”
“What is inside the mine?” Xue Yue asked.
“There are ores and an entity waiting to be resurrected. I don’t know the details,” Jiang Hao said.
“Is it a man or a woman?” Xue Yue asked again.
“It’s a woman,” Jiang Hao said.
The news surprised the two, but they couldn’t believe Ye Dong had come here for a woman. It was unlikely that he would come here for just one woman. There must be something special about her.
“Is she strong?” Xue Yue asked.
“Not very strong.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
At least, not strong at the moment.
“Are you also keeping an eye on the mine?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Some things aren’t for you to know. Don’t ask,” Xue Yue responded coldly.
Jiang Hao frowned. “I’ve answered many of your questions. You should answer some of mine too.”
“I can answer them,” said Bu Hai Cheng. “But if you know too much, it’ll be difficult for you to leave. I’ll answer your first question. We are keeping an eye on the mine, but not because of the woman. We are after a treasure hidden in the mine..”