Chapter 301: Appraisal
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation       Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Treasure?
Jiang Hao was puzzled.
What kind of treasure could be in the mine?
He had been inside the cave and hadn’t noticed anything special.
“Yes. It’s an object that can give birth to special things, just like the Green
Surging Heart ore that you previously sold. It’s the product of that treasure. Once you obtain it, you can have anything you desire,” Bu Hai Cheng said with a smile.
“Is that your purpose?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Yes. If you join us, you can also profit from it. Considering your cultivation level, under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for you to cooperate with us. But right now, since you are in the mine, you can work with us. If you possess that treasure, breaking through to the Golden Core Realm will be within reach,” Bu Hai Cheng said earnestly.
“Join you?” Jiang Hao frowned. “Is it a temporary cooperation, or long-term arrangement?”
“When you achieve merit this time, I will naturally tell you which sect we belong to,” Bu Hai Cheng said with a mysterious smile. “By then, you will know that the sect is nothing special to us.”
Jiang Hao appraised him.
[Bu Hai Cheng: A True Disciple of the Divine Rotation Sect. At the early stage of the Golden Core Real. He is a member of the End of All Things. To exploit you, he is deceiving you with the promise that the mine’s treasure can provide you with everything you desire. He plans to get in touch with you again before the plan commences to ensure its success and obtain the treasure in the mine. When you are of no value, he intends to get rid of you.]
He considered whether to stop them.
However, he realized that he, an ordinary cultivator, couldn’t possibly stop such a powerful force. He needed to find a way to let someone else handle it.
“Since you are after the treasure, the people coming must be very strong, right?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Far beyond your imagination. In any case, they are not existences you can face confront,” Bu Hai Cheng said with a smile.
Jiang Hao fell silent. He wondered if he should ask these two people directly about the organization.
However, if they attacked him, he might not be able to handle it.
He also wouldn’t be able to find out what they were planning.
If he let them go, he could avoid confrontation.
He could catch some of their Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators later for inquiries.
“What do you need me to do?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Just follow our orders. When the time comes, we’ll tell you what to do, and you shouldn’t ask too many questions,” Xue Yue said coldly.
Jiang Hao nodded. There was no rush.
In the Myriad Stone Forest, three black-robed men sat under a huge boulder.
The leader was lost in thought.
“Most things are ready. Bu Hai Cheng has also contacted the person who mines in the cave. It seems there is a woman inside. But is Ye Dong the kind of person who would be swayed by a woman? He probably has his own motives. We can still use this situation to our advantage,” a woman next to him said.
“Can we trust that Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator?” asked the leader.
“It’s hard to say. Currently, we only know that his name is Jiang Hao. We can’t confirm which sect he comes from, but Xue Yue secretly tested his talent with a secret technique. Although the accuracy of the method is not high, she found out that his talent is only average. It’s hard to understand how someone with this level of talent could enter the Corpse Realm at all, especially as a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator,” another black-robed man said in confusion.
“Jiang Hao?” asked the leader doubtfully. “He wants to join us?”
“We haven’t brought it up yet, but based on Bu Hai Cheng’s plan, they only want to use him. Once we are done with him, they will get rid of him.”
“Understood… then let’s proceed according to the plan.”
The leader stood up and flew into the sky.
Their destination was the Blood Tide Forest.
Jiang Hao returned to the spirit field and began tending to the spirit herbs. Now that he knew about those people, his next step was to avoid them. He came here to mine, not for any treasure or organization. So, he would naturally try to avoid danger as much as possible.
The issue now was with these spirit herbs. It was a waste to leave them here. They were valuable and could produce a lot of blue and green bubbles. Taking them away was a good idea.
At noon, Xia Dong returned to the spirit field. After confirming that only Jiang Hao was present, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Disciple Jiang, there’s something I want to tell you.” Xia Dong hesitated. “I’m going to leave. Here are the spirit stones I earned from selling the ores. You can take your share later. According to the rules, I won’t be allowed to take any spirit herbs or ores if I leave. I’m sorry, but I can’t continue with this arrangement.”
“Did you find any other opportunities?” Jiang Hao put away the spirit stones
and asked.
It wasn’t much. He would probably get only two to three hundred spirit stones as his share.
“Yes, that’s correct. Although I also want to earn more spirit stones, advancing to the Golden Core Realm is more important to me. I hope you can inform the others,” Xia Dong said apologetically.
She prepared to leave.
“Wait!” Jiang Hao called out to her. Seeing her confusion and vigilance, he quickly took out a spirit herb. “I observed that your aura is similar to water, and it seems that this opportunity is related to it. This is a Water Spirit Flower, which can be helpful for your advancement. Your cultivation is solid, but there is a sense of urgency within you. During the advancement, remember to keep a calm and composed mind and proceed step by step. You should be like water which flows naturally and blends with everything. Forcing it will only be counterproductive. That is all I have to say.”
He handed the spirit herb to her.
Xia Dong was momentarily stunned. She didn’t know why, but it felt like Jiang Hao was an expert who was giving her valuable advice. Moreover, everything he said was accurate.
At this moment, she realized that this person was far more knowledgeable than she had given him credit for.
“Thank you.”
After that, Xia Dong quickly left.
Jiang Hao felt a bit sad. Yet another person had left their group. He didn’t mind the departures of these people. Each one of them was a genius and knew their priorities. They also knew what they were after. Advancing to the Golden Core Realm was naturally the most important thing for them right now, and he wouldn’t stop them. It was a fair trade. Once they left, they would have to leave everything behind.
Parting on good terms would prevent any future enmity.
Looking at the spirit herbs, Jiang Hao felt that if people continued to leave, all these spirit herbs could be his. That would mean enormous profit. The only thing was that there wouldn’t be anyone who would help him sell them.
At this moment, he looked at the cave again, thinking of Liu’s p information. The End of All Things was looking for something that could destroy all living beings. So, the treasure must be an item of misfortune.
Considering the dangers of the mine, Jiang Hao realized that the damage would be irreversible if the organization succeeded.