Chapter 302: The End of All Things
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao had no way of knowing the plan of the End of All Things. But they shouldn’t take too long to arrive.
They knew that Shang An was around, yet they still continued to pursue the mine. That meant that they were at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm or even beyond.
People like that would conquer the Foundation Establishment region easily, and Jiang Hao couldn’t do anything about it. They were the kind of opponent he couldn’t face easily. The only way was to prepare an escape route.
When everyone returned, he informed them about Xia Dong’s departure and distributed the spirit stones.
Gu Wen and the others felt a bit disappointed. Leaving meant starting the process of ascending to the Golden Core Realm.
Now, with Shang An guarding them, no one worried about the others advancing and turning against them.
However, watching others make progress made them feel anxious. Everyone was capable. It was just a matter of finding the right opportunity.
While others could find opportunities, they might not. That was very distressing.
The days went on as usual. Gu Wen and the others continued to seek opportunities and brought back spirit herbs when they encountered them. They also occasionally helped with mining.
Shang An continued his efforts to find a way to take away the Charm Goddess.
After they left, Jiang Hao also left the area for a while. He needed a safe place to plant his golden rings.
He had to place a ring at the Blood Tide Forest if he ever chose to leave the place.
The End of All Things sought to destroy everything. If they were successful, the
Blood Tide Forest would be enveloped in danger. Even if he truly was at the Primordial Spirit Realm, he might not be able to escape to safety at that time.
His only hope was to use the golden rings. With that, he would only need the span of three breaths to leave the area.
After finding two relatively safe locations, Jiang Hao returned to the mine and began to collect spirit herbs.
Since other methods wouldn’t work, he had to use his Universe in a Palm technique to seal the spirit field. But he had to first cut out the spirit field.
After a few attempts, he confirmed the quickest way to seal it.
As for the ores, he simply stored it in his storage treasure.
If he put the spirit herbs in there, they would wither easily.
Seven days later, Jiang Hao felt a new summoning, but the direction had changed again.
‘It seems there will be two summoning from now on. One just as a warm-up, and the other to take me there directly. Is this the warm-up?’
That evening, after the danger in the mine had retreated, Jiang Hao once again entered the mine with Shang An.
Shang An made him feel that he wasn’t truly at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. He was so humble and down-to-earth that anyone could take advantage of him.
The fact that Shang An had survived until now was probably because he had a toxic body. Whether he used poison or not as an attack, he could end up killing himself one day.
“Have you ever thought that more than one person might be watching the mine?” Jiang Hao asked.
“I know that others also want to take Little Mei away, but they probably won’t be as quick as me. Not everyone can enter the Corpse Realm, and even if they
do, not everyone can take Little Mei away. I found her years ago, but I couldn’t take her out of here. The mine itself has obstacles, and the Corpse Realm itself also has restrictions,” Shang An said.
“Then, is it possible that someone is watching the mine?” Jiang Hao asked again.
“Might be… but their goal should not conflict with mine. As long as they are not here for Little Mei, I can compromise, ” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao nodded. That meant he wouldn’t offend someone at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“I’ll be able to dig out Little Mei’s body in a few days, and then I’ll try to take her away. So, I won’t be at odds with anyone,” Shang An said earnestly.
He had already made up his mind; once he got out, he would hide Little Mei and then marry her. After that, they would have their own children, and everything would be fine.
“Are you planning to take her out of here once you find her body?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
‘Yes, I don’t know why, but Little Mei shouldn’t stay here any longer.”
Jiang Hao could understand. In the past, some people wanted to save Little Mei, while others wanted to kill her. Now, she was trapped here, and her situation might have changed.
That meant it wouldn’t be easy for her to leave.
Jiang Hao was relieved. If he didn’t go looking for trouble, Little Mei would either leave immediately or be trapped in the cave anyway. She wouldn’t have the time to trouble him.
Jiang Hao looked at Shang An sadly. Even if they succeeded, once they were outside, the Charm Goddess would attract even more suitors. Shang An would suffer.
“Aren’t you worried about what will happen if she manages to leave from here?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Worried about what?”
“She has an innate charm, and she doesn’t know how to restrain herself. When that happens…”
Jiang Hao didn’t continue his sentence.
Shang An lowered his head. “Little Mei said she likes me the most.”
Jiang Hao didn’t say anything further. He just couldn’t understand.
After that, they separated, and Jiang Hao continued mining while Shang An did the same.
“Shang An, don’t mine tonight. Spend more time with me. We’ll have to have a baby after I leave. Maybe I can share you with someone else… No! You’re only mine!”
Jiang Hao walked along the passage and ignored them.
He felt that Shang An might encounter the End of All Things. He had no idea what would happen then.
The Charm Goddess had stopped bothering him, which was some consolation. He finally had some peace.
Jiang Hao had already been in the Corpse Realm for three months.
This time, when no one else was around, Murong Qingqing walked over to him.
“Friend Jiang, I’m also leaving.” She handed him the spirit stones.
After storing the items, Jiang Hao asked, “Does your cultivation technique have something to do with the earth?”
“It’s somewhat related.” Murong Qingqing nodded.
Jiang Hao took out a spirit herb and handed it to her.
“If I’m not mistaken, your advancement requires an opportunity related to tree vitality. You should have found a special tree by now. This is the Earth Wood Flower, which can balance spiritual energies. With your solid foundation, if you don’t encounter external conflicts, there shouldn’t be any problem with advancing to the Golden Core Realm. There’s one more thing I need to remind you of. If possible, it’s best to move that tree outside the Blood Tide Forest. I feel like there will be strong Dower fluctuations in the forest. which mav affect your advancement. That’s all.”
Murong Qingqing was shocked. Not only did he see through her, but he also offered a solution to her problem.
Indeed, she was worried that the Holy Spirit Wood’s aura would be too overbearing, and it would affect her advancement. However, she didn’t know that the Earth Wood Flower could balance it.
‘Move the tree outside the Blood Tide Forest? What’s going to happen here?’
She felt that something was strange. It felt as though the only person in control of everything was standing before her.
She didn’t ask any more questions. Instead, she thanked him and left with the Earth Wood Flower.
‘Another one gone…’ Jiang Hao sighed.
Now, only one-fourth of the items remained. But he couldn’t sell them.
Not long after Murong Qingqing left, he felt a Golden Core Realm cultivator approaching.
‘Bu Hai Cheng is here? Is the End of All Things finally going to make a move?’