Chapter 303: Do You Think I’m at the Foundation Establishment Realm?
Jiang Hao frowned.
A Golden Core Realm cultivator, especially one who had just advanced… Jiang Hao couldn’t find more information from him.
But that was fine. There would be opportunities.
He couldn’t be impatient. Patience was key.
“Friend, we meet again.” Bu Hai Cheng stood outside the formation and smiled.
Jiang Hao walked out. The two entered the forest.
Jiang Hao didn’t detect any signs of aggression from the person, but he remained cautious.
Golden Core Realm cultivators sometimes posed a danger, and he also had to be wary of ambushes.
“What do you want to ask this time?” Jiang Hao asked.
“Did Ye Dong say anything?” Bu Hai Cheng looked around. He looked wary.
“No,” Jiang Hao said truthfully.
Ye Dong was no longer the one talking. It was now Shang An.
“Has he been acting strange lately?” Bu Hai Cheng asked again.
“He seems to be preparing for something,” Jiang Hao said.
“For what?”
Jiang Hao shrugged.
“Our plan is about to begin. It’ll probably be the day after tomorrow. When Ye Dong leaves, you inform us. If he doesn’t leave, you’ll have to find a way to distract him. Xue Yue will then receive you. Your safety will be her responsibility,” Bu Hai Cheng said. “Xue Yue is a powerful Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator, so your safety is guaranteed.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. Did this mean he was in danger of being taken hostage?
“Is there a time limit?”
“Yes, it must be before dark,” Bu Hai Cheng said.
Sure enough, they were here for whatever was in the mine that emanated a terrifying aura. But how were they planning to get in?
“How do I contact you?” asked Jiang Hao.
“Use this.” Bu Hai Cheng tossed him a jade pendant.
After a simple inspection, Jiang Hao knew that it was used for positioning.
Bu Hai Cheng then prepared to leave.
Jiang Hao appraised him once again. He didn’t receive any warnings, but in two days, he would be deemed worthless, and they would get rid of him.
The End of All Things wouldn’t take him.
Jiang Hao was speechless. His talent wasn’t that bad, but the End of All Things who accepted just about anybody thought he wasn’t worthy!
Was it because their ideologies were different?
The next day, when everyone was present, Jiang Hao said to them, “Tomorrow, someone will start attacking the mine. It’s best to leave Blood Tide Forest entirely if you’re planning to leave.”
“Someone is going to attack the mine?” Ding Yu looked puzzled. “Why?” “Because of Little Mei?” Shang An asked.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head. “Their goal should be the source of danger which always emanates in the day. Once you leave, they will act.”
“My plan is the night after tomorrow… one day later than them. Looks like I have to speed up.” Shang An frowned.
“What about those things?” Gu Wen looked at the nearby ore and spirit herbs.
“Divide them equally,” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao sighed. It was time to part ways.
Having a group of people with a designated task for finding spirit herbs, selling them, and mining had been fun. The division of profit had been reasonable, too. Everyone had done their bit sincerely.
Gu Wen and the others felt a bit regretful. But they didn’t question Jiang Hao’s words. They had met Xia Dong recently. She had advanced to the early stage of Golden Core Realm successfully.
She had told them that Jiang Hao was far more than what he appeared to be. She had also told them that it would be better to listen to Jiang Hao’s advice if he gave them any. Everyone had felt shocked at that.
“How about this, Shang An? You can put away the items first, and when everything settles down, we can continue,” Gu Wen said.
“I have no objections,” Ding Yu said.
“It won’t work.” Shang An shook his head. “I’m going to try to leave in the next few days. If I fail, I’ll probably die here. So, if you want to continue after that, you’ll have to find someone else to guard the items.”
“How about entrusting it to Jiang Hao?” Gu Wen asked.
Jiang Hao didn’t respond immediately. He was thinking about his future plans.
The influence of The End of All Things was considerable, but there were still several months left for the follow-up. Continuing with this same group of people seemed rational. He might not find another group as reasonable as this. “Alright, then tomorrow I will store the items and guard them,” Jiang Hao said.
“What about the spirit herbs?” Ding Yu asked.
“I can take them too,” Jiang Hao said. “It’s best for Shang An to receive his share tonight. ”
Shang An chose to withdraw, so according to the rules, he could still take a share of the items. Of course, Shang An’s cultivation was higher than theirs, so he could choose to ignore the rules.
Shang An didn’t refuse their plan. He didn’t want to create resentment among anyone. Besides, he needed the spirit stones.
The next morning, when Shang An came out of the cave, he saw that the spirit field and ores in the warehouse had disappeared.
He didn’t take the spirit herbs since he couldn’t carry them, so he received more ores.
“Have the others already left?” Shang An asked.
“Yeah,” Jiang Hao said. “What are your plans, Senior?”
Last night, Jiang Hao hadn’t mined and had looked around instead. He noticed a lot more spirit beasts in the vicinity.
It was probably related to The End of All Things.
“I’m about to find it. It’s only a matter of time. When the time comes, I’ll take
Little Mei out of this place,” Shang An said.
Jiang Hao was silent for a moment. “Do you think you’ll succeed?”
“The success rate of one person making it out is high… but we’re two people,” Shang An said with a smile. “But we have to try. This is the best plan I can think of.”
‘Is it even worth it?’ Jiang Hao didn’t ask that aloud.
“In the afternoon, when you leave, they are planning to make a move in the evening,” said Jiang Hao.
He couldn’t participate here as someone in the late stage of the Foundation
Establishment Realm, so he would stay away from this area.
“Thank you,” Shang An said gratefully.
At noon, Jiang Hao felt many spirit beasts approaching. He also sensed a spiritual energy fluctuation far beyond the Primordial Spirit Realm.
Choosing to leave was indeed the correct decision.
That noon, Shang An took his leave.
Jiang Hao made up his mind and went to an area with normal fluctuations in spiritual energy.
Once there, he activated the jade pendant. Soon, he felt an aura of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
It was Xue Yue. She wore white robes.
“Has Ye Dong left?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Did he say anything?” Xue Yue asked.
“He took everything with him, so he might be aware of something,” Jiang Hao said. “Has your plan started? I noticed there are spirit beasts around. Are they part of your plan?”
“Don’t you think you ask too many questions?” Xue Yue sneered. “Have you not considered that, as a Late Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, you have no right to ask so many questions? I feel like you have no sense of fear.”
Jiang Hao saw the jade pendant on her light up briefly, as if something had been transmitted. He then felt fluctuations in spiritual energy around him.
It seemed like it had begun.
“Did the other senior send a message? Can you answer some questions for me if you’re free?”
“Do you think I’m at the Foundation Establishment Realm?” Xue Yue scowled, and her Primordial Spirit aura spread out.
At this moment, she stared at Jiang Hao with cold indifference. “Haven’t you realized? You are no longer of any use to us..”