Chapter 304: I Haven I t Done Anything Wrong… Why Do You Treat Me This Way?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“No longer of use?”
Jiang Hao already knew that. However, he had helped them out so much and given them too much information. It was only right that he should get something in return.
“Since you know now, don’t resist… I’ll give you a quick death,” said Xue Yue as her aura expanded. “At such a close distance, even if you have life-saving treasures, it won’t be enough.”
“That’s true. Even with life-saving treasures, it won’t be enough.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Just as I thought…” Xue Yue was about to attack when she saw a flash of moonlight.
The blade’s radiance rushed at her like thunder.
This sudden change didn’t make her panic. She knew that the person in front of her wasn’t as simple as he made himself out to be. How could someone at the Foundation Establishment Realm be so calm when facing someone at the Primordial Spirit Realm?
She had figured out that he must have some plan, especially since he was close to Ye Dong and frequently went into the cave with him.
Fortunately, she was prepared. She could escape if she could block the attack. With the powerful treasures she had, she could even survive an attack from someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm.
She had made preparations on the way here.
However, in the instant, her protective measures were activated, she felt an inexplicable heaviness, as if something enormous was pressing down on her.
Bang!
Her life-saving treasure shattered.
The blade slashed across her neck. Blood gushed out.
Intense pain spread throughout her body.
The overwhelming pressure was like ten thousand mountains pressing down on her. For a moment, her aura collapsed, and her legs trembled uncontrollably.
Bang!
She Imelt under the terrifying pressure.
She looked up to see an indifferent man. He held a silver-white long saber, with an imposing and powerful aura. A purple light followed him like a shadow. ‘Late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm?’ Xue Yue was wide-eyed in shock.
How could this be?
She had assumed the person would have some treasures on him for protection, but she had never expected him to turn out to be such a powerful cultivator.
Why would someone at the Primordial Spirit Realm pretend to be at the Foundation Establishment Realm?
Jiang Hao slowly approached Xue Yue. “Senior, can you answer some questions for me now?”
“Who are you?” Fear and shock filled Xue Yue.
Jiang Hao reached out and took her jade pendant. “What is the cultivation realm of the strongest person from The End of All Things?” “You know about The End of All Things?” Xue Yue couldn’t believe it.
“Can you answer me?” Jiang Hao said coldly.
Xue Yue clutched at her bleeding neck. “It’s useless. He is in the Soul Ascension Realm. You aren’t his match.”
“What is in the mine exactly?” Jiang Hao asked.
Xue Yue looked fanatical. “Extremely dangerous creatures that can devour all things. Once released, you won’t be able to escape.”
“How dangerous? Are they as dangerous as the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl?” Jiang Hao asked.
“The Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl?!” Xue Yue was stunned. “What do you mean?”
Jiang Hao sighed with relief. “Seems like it’s not as dangerous as that.”
“What do you mean? Are you not afraid of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl?
Do you know where it is? Is the… pearl on you?” Xue Yue was horrified.
‘How did she even guess that?’ Jiang Hao was puzzled. “Can you tell me about your plan?”
“I can tell you, but you have to tell me about the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl in return,” Xue Yue said firmly.
“Okay.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“The danger in the mine is the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl. It can devour all things, and once it’s unleashed, everything around it will be destroyed,” said Xue Yue.
Jiang Hao was somewhat skeptical. Even Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl wasn’t that destructive.
“Go on,” Jiang Hao said.
“We plan to use countless spirit beasts to let it absorb their energy. Once it reaches a certain level of fullness, the creature will appear. At that time, we will break the seal ourselves,” said Xue Yue. Jiang Hao frowned. ‘Could it be that easy?’
Jiang Hao appraised her.
[Xue Yue: True disciple of the Heavenly Feather Sect. At the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. A loyal member of The End of All Things. She is worried that the sudden appearance of a strong Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator might affect their plan, so she is deliberately exaggerating the situation to scare you away. At the same time, she is preparing to use her life to send a message that the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl is related to you.]
Jiang Hao sighed. He couldn’t understand why a genius like her would be in league with an organization like The End of All Things.
“Are you just trying to scare me away so that you can send a message to your accomplices that the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl is related to me?” Jiang Hao asked.
He could perceive any subtle movements. The nameless manual had greatly enhanced his observation abilities, far beyond ordinary cultivators. Someone in the early stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm couldn’t really deceive him.
Xue Yue’s face filled with terror. She couldn’t understand how Jiang Hao had seen through her.
Then, she felt the heaviness of ten thousand mountains pressing down on her. She felt her body breaking apart. She was going to die.
At that moment, it seemed as if her entire life flashed before her eyes. She felt resentful.
“I… don’t want to die,” she said with difficulty. “I have never done anything wrong. Why do you treat me this way? I have only suffered humiliation and harassment. I endured it all. And now, I want revenge on everyone because no one ever stood up for me. Why do you want to kill me? Why?!”
“Because you also wanted to kill me.”
Xue Yue froze. She eventually fell silent.
Jiang Hao sighed as he looked at her. It seemed that most of the members of The End of All Things had a troubled past.
Jiang Hao stabbed her twice more to make sure she was dead. He then buried her out of kindness.
‘Rest in peace…’
Being harassed and beaten up in a sect was common, especially if it was a demonic sect. However, it was unlikely for a genius like her to be treated that way. Lin Zhi was constantly beaten up because he didn’t have talent, but he was lucky to have the spirit beast guide him. Despite his situation, he never lost hope.
However, it was possible that someone that downtrodden would eventually be recruited by The End of All Things.
Someone like Lin Zhi, who wouldn’t ever cause any trouble for anyone normally, would turn out to be dangerous if recruited by The End of All Things.
An angry roar came from afar.
Jiang Hao looked in the direction of the noise. The members of The End of All Things were on the move.
‘Even if Xue Yue was exaggerating a bit, their plan still might be destructive… I need to leave.’
He activated his ability and disappeared from the spot.
At this time, outside the Blood Tide Forest, Murong Qingqing carried her tree and hurried out of the Foundation Establishment region. “I actually did it… I hope I won’t be laughed at for being a fool..”