Chapter 305: Last Wishes
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Murong Qingqing looked at the quiet Blood Tide Forest and couldn’t help but feel that her choice might have been wrong.
However, Xia Dong had reminded her before that Jiang Hao might not be an ordinary person.
“Why worry about the Blood Tide Forest? After all, this is only the Foundation Establishment region. How big of a storm can it create?”
Murong Qingqing looked for a safe place to attempt her breakthrough. After hesitating for a moment, she decided to keep a distance from the area.
Since she would be mocked anyway, she might as well stay further away.
If there really was a problem, she would be prepared to deal with it. If nothing was amiss, she could just wait patiently. After all, advancing to the next realm would take some time.
As Jiang Hao hurried along the road, he checked Xue Yue’s storage treasure.
“767 spirit stones, a few remaining pills, not a single magic treasure, and some talismans… but all of them are cheap. This doesn’t look like the storage treasure of someone in the Primordial Spirit Realm. Was she this poor?” Jiang Hao thought of Xue Yue’s past. She must have led a really difficult life.
Then, he found a book. It was a book without a title.
As he opened it, Jiang Hao’s brows furrowed.
“Ye Luo: A True Disciple of the Heavenly Feather Sect framed me when I was still in the Lifeblood Refinement Realm. He made me lose my virginity and humiliated me. When I have enough power, I will throw him to the beggars and humiliate him to death.’
“MO Tian: A True Disciple of the Heavenly Feather Sect. When I was still in the Foundation Establishment Realm, he robbed my magic treasures, snatched my spirit stones, and violated my body. When I informed the sect, his senior threatened me. I won’t give in. I will kill them all one day.”
Jiang Hao looked at the names and crimes committed by each person. Each word carried hatred and resentment.
Some names were crossed out. Two names stood out.
Jiang Hao sighed. He realized that to walk the path of immortality, one truly had to endure immense hardships.
At this moment, he saw a black light flash across the book. It gathered and did not disperse. He closed the book. He didn’t throw it away.
He now had twenty thousand spirit stones.
If everything went smoothly, he could probably have more than thirty thousand spirit stones when he finally left this place.
It was unbelievable that he was going to become very wealthy. He needed to think about how to spend all that money.
The awakening of the spirit beast’s bloodline would take about twenty thousand spirit stones, and the peach tree would take another twenty thousand.
‘Huh? I’ll have nothing left!’
Jiang Hao stopped in his tracks. He felt dejected.
The spirit beast might give him a golden bubble, but what if it only gave him a purple bubble?
He would give up on the spirit beast now and focus on the peach tree instead.
As for the remaining spirit stones, he considered whether to use them to plant more spirit herbs from Lian Daozhi or not. It might yield some blue bubbles.
Boom!
A loud rumble came from afar.
‘I wonder how Senior Shang An will fare in the end.’
Jiang Hao quickly left. He didn’t want to get involved in this kind of situation. Even if there were treasures, he would stay away.
Shang An was a good person, and if he could help, Jiang Hao would naturally do so. But he couldn’t do that right now. The opponent was beyond the Primordial Spirit Realm.
This was far beyond his capabilities, and he didn’t want to save the Charm Goddess.
At this moment, three figures in black robes stood outside the cave.
The leader of the black-robed figures took off his robe.
He looked at the cave and gave a command. Countless spirit beasts rushed into the cave. After they entered, their flesh and blood were sucked away, leaving only bones behind.
At this moment, the cave emitted a red glow with greenish streaks in places.
“After obtaining this treasure, I heard that you will truly enter The End of All Things,” said a woman beside him.
“Yes.” The man nodded.
“Fellow Disciple Dongfang, will you stay in the Heavenly Note Sect after that or head out?” asked another person.
“I’ll decide when the time comes,” Dongfang Ji said calmly. “I don’t know if I’ll succeed or not. What about Xue Yue?”
“She went to look for that person in the Foundation Establishment Realm, but she hasn’t come back yet. I tried contacting her, but it’s like she vanished without a trace. I suspect she fell into Ye Dong’s trap. I don’t think she’ll be coming back.” The woman in the black robe sighed.
“Did she talk about any last wishes before she left?” Dongfang Ji asked.
“Yes, but everyone knows about her wishes, and no one can help her fulfill them,” said the woman in the black robe helplessly. “Her final wish was to kill Ye Luo and MO Tian of the Heavenly Feather Sect.” “Have they entered the Corpse Realm?” Dongfang Ji asked.
“Yes.” The black-robed man nodded.
“Good. Once I get what I need, I’ll help her fulfill her wish, ” Dongfang Ji said calmly.
Then they waited.
After some time, the roar grew louder, and the cave expanded bit by bit under the impact of countless spirit beasts.
At this moment, the entire cave was covered in red light. It looked as though it would erupt at any time.
“Is it almost time?” Dongfang Ji asked.
In their eyes, the mining cave was like a red blood-filled sac that waited to be broken open.
Dongfang Ji took out a Vajra Staff.
As soon as the magic treasure appeared, the surrounding air exuded immense pressure.
“It should be time soon enough,” the black-robed man said solemnly.
As he spoke, a green light appeared inside.
“The time is now.”
Dongfang Ji took a step forward, and his Primordial Spirit expanded and suppressed everything around him.
Moreover, the Vajra Staff in his hand emitted a brilliant light.
Then he threw it.
Boom!
The moment the staff struck the mining cave, a terrifying force swept in all directions and spread throughout the Blood Tide Forest.
Storms arose, and the force left Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators unable to move.
“You guys wait outside to prevent anyone from entering. There should be guards inside. I’ll kill them and take that thing out. Be ready to seal it,” Dongfang Ji said as he walked in.
His speed was astonishing. He was the first to enter the mining cave.
At this point, the mining cave had already created an outlet, so he wouldn’t be affected. This state could be maintained for three days.
If he couldn’t get that thing within three days, the plan would be considered a failure.
Murong Qingqing, who had already moved far away from the Blood Tide Forest, was still worried about running into someone.
Firstly, she was afraid of losing opportunities. Secondly, she was afraid of being ridiculed by her fellow sect members.
So, she remained very cautious all the way.
When she found a relatively good place, she looked into the distance.
She could still clearly see the Blood Tide Forest, which was still quiet.
‘I should stop worrying.’ Murong Qingqing laughed at herself. After that, she began to cultivate to advance to the next realm.
However, just as she was about to look away, a golden light shot up to the sky, followed by a burst of blood-red light.
Boom!
In an instant, the entire Blood Tide Forest was covered by the explosion. A powerful aura swept in all directions. Even though Murong Qingqing was far away from the forest, she still felt the impact.
She was stunned.
If she was still in the Blood Tide Forest right now, the consequences would have been unimaginable!
‘Is his prediction coming true?’