Chapter 306: Unearthing the Charm Goddess
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Not only Murong Qingqing witnessed the eruption of the powerful force in the Blood Tide Forest. Gu Wen and Ding Yu, who had already run to the edge, also felt the aftermath of its pressure.
If they were inside the forest, there would be no possibility of escaping.
Fortunately, they had already used all means to start their escape early in the morning before dawn.
Especially with the help of a senior, they managed to save a lot of time.
Otherwise, it would have taken much longer to flee from the Blood Tide Forest.
“I can’t understand what they are fighting about.” Gu Wen shook his head and sighed.
“Forget about it. Let’s hurry and escape. After all, it’s not something cultivators like us can get involved in,” Ding Yu said anxiously.
Though they were geniuses, others were not inferior to them either.
Competing with cultivators at higher levels was like walking down a dead end.
The best approach was to stay away.
As time passed, more people would undoubtedly enter the area, and the situation would become increasingly serious. It was simply not something cultivators in the Foundation Establishment Realm could handle.
“Do you think Jiang Hao might be in danger?” Gu Wen suddenly asked. “It’s hard to say, but he brought the news here, so he might have been
prepared.” Ding Yu furrowed his brows.
“I’m just worried we won’t be able to find Jiang Hao,” he said.
“It’s simple. Didn’t they say he came here to mine? We can search where there are mines or spread a message saying there’s a good mine somewhere. Jiang Hao will come on his own.” Gu Wen smiled.
Ding Yu chuckled.
But what if Jiang Hao wasn’t here for mining?
They could think about that later. Right now, the most important thing was to escape.
Meanwhile, Jiang Hao stood in the Blood Tide Forest. He had already fled quite a distance, but he could still keenly feel the aura of blood. It contained a terrifying force that seemed capable of devouring all lifeforce.
‘As expected… I must avoid the place for a while.’
Jiang Hao quickly retreated. He had left three golden rings in different locations. One near the mine and the other two outside the Blood Tide Forest. This way, he had enough time to consider whether to intervene or not.
If it was within his capabilities, he would give it a try, but if it exceeded his limits, he would have to stay far away.
Afterward, he began to move away from the Blood Tide Forest. He searched for a high point where he could see the location of the mine and understand the situation.
Whether it was The End of All Things or Shang An, they both piqued his interest. He wanted to see the outcome of this fight.
As Dongfang Ji entered the mine, the two figures outside kept a close watch.
Their responsibility was to prevent anyone else from entering the mine. They had to be prepared to seal the mine if necessary. If whatever was inside couldn’t be sealed, it would be deadly for them.
Boom!
A powerful surge of energy erupted from the mine and caused the surrounding area to collapse. The blood aura spread as if something was struggling inside. The two figures in black robes could clearly feel that something was about to emerge.
“It seems like this is the place, and the success rate should be high,” the man in the black robe said.
‘Quick! Set up the seal,” the woman in the black robe said.
They suddenly felt a gust of wind around them. They quickly realized that something was amiss.
“Who’s there?”
They searched the surroundings and soon spotted a figure at the entrance of the mine. It was a man dressed in white.
“Ye Dong?!” they exclaimed.
They had been on guard against Ye Dong, but they couldn’t sense his presence at all. Had he become this strong?
They knew quite a bit about Ye Dong, and he shouldn’t be this strong.
Could he be concealing his true strength?
But they couldn’t get an answer. At this moment, Ye Dong didn’t even look back as he entered the mine.
The two black-robed individuals couldn’t stop him, and they didn’t dare to enter the mine recklessly, as it might disrupt their plan.
“I hope he’s not here for Dongfang Ji. Otherwise…” The man in the black robe sighed.
Otherwise, it would be considered negligence on their part.
Shang An paid no attention to anything else. He could sense that a powerful alchemy master was currently working deep inside. Although he didn’t know who he had to deal with, he didn’t care.
“Shang An? Why did you come here? The mine is dangerous now. I feel that something terrifying inside wants to break free. Besides, it seems that I’m being watched, and it’s not easy to leave. You should leave and come back when things calm down,” said the Charm Goddess.
“No, time waits for no one. These two days are the best chance to leave. If we miss it, you won’t be able to escape from here. Don’t worry, I can handle it.” Shang An took out a mining pickaxe and began to mine.
“Why aren’t you listening to me?” The Charm Goddess pouted in annoyance. “If you save me, I’ll find other men.”
Still, Shang An didn’t stop. “You’ve been imprisoned here for too long, and you must want to leave. I just want to get you out of here.”
“Shang An, would you treat other women the same way?” the Charm Goddess asked.
“No,” Shang An said.
“I like you the most,” said the Charm Goddess with a smile. This made Shang An work even harder at mining.
Boom!
There was an explosion somewhere, but Shang An ignored it.
Late at night, Shang An had dug open a space. The place where the Charm Goddess was trapped couldn’t be broken open with brute force, so he had to dig bit by bit.
Now, he had finally reached it! He could finally get her out of there.
As time passed, the exit here would also be blocked, which was why he had to dig twice.
The space was like a small room with no other exit. At the center of the room, there was a stone coffin covered with various seals.
“Little Mei, I’ve finally found you!” Shang An said in astonishment.
“Then open it,” said the Charm Goddess with a smile.
Without hesitation, Shang An opened the stone coffin.
Inside was an incredibly beautiful woman, dressed in thin gauze. She was half hidden and half exposed. Her body was full of ethereal allure. Anyone would lose their self-control if they took one glance at her.
At this moment, the Charm Goddess entered the stone coffin and lay down. The spirit blended with her body. Then she opened her eyes and tugged at her clothes. “Is my skin exposed?”
“Yes.” Shang An nodded. He then took out some clothes from his bag. “Here… I brought you some clothes.”
The Charm Goddess smiled. “Shang An, I really like you.”
She took the clothes and found them to be extremely beautiful and comfortable. The robe covered her modestly but still accentuated her figure.
“Now I have to let my main body count. Only then will I have the strength to take you out of here,” Shang An said solemnly.
This was just the beginning. The real struggle was yet to come.
“Main body?” The Charm Goddess paused. Then she smiled radiantly. “Then do it quickly! Let’s make a baby first. We can leave tomorrow.”
Saying this, she gently put down the gauze.
Shang An was moved. At this moment, Ye Dong’s body slowly split open, revealing a tall but ugly man.
He felt unworthy when he looked at the beautiful Charm Goddess.
However, the Charm Goddess showed no qualms. She was delighted to see him. She embraced him.
“Shang An, let me feel your warmth. Tonight, no matter what you say, you must get me pregnant. I like you.”
Shang An let out a sigh of relief. “Right now, we must leave from here.”
“Don’t you like me anymore? Are you repelled by me?” asked the Charm Goddess.
Shang An was speechless..