Chapter 307: The God of War
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Dongfang Ji was in a fierce battle with a Blood Guard, and their powers kept destroying the mine. The closer they got to the inner part, the stronger the Blood Guard became.
Dongfang Ji could easily suppress him in the beginning, but as time passed, he realized that it wasn’t as easy as he thought.
From the beginning of their fight, through alternating day and night, and into the break of dawn, he felt exhaustion setting in. Continuing like this would make success difficult. There were still two days left. In these two days, he had to reach the center of the mine and get the object.
‘It’s not that easy. With my current cultivation, it may not be enough. But I can’t worry about that now.’
At this moment, Dongfang Ji repelled the Blood Guard and summoned the Vajra Staff. A powerful aura instantly spread out and locked onto the target. He threw it with force.
Boom!
The terrifying attack swept in all directions. Dongfang Ji charged in. He intended to bring out the item with the force of a thunderbolt.
In the stone coffin, the Charm Goddess licked her lips and looked satisfied. Throughout the night, she experienced unprecedented pleasure.
“I’m happiest with you, Shang An,” she said as she held onto the man next to her. “Both my body and soul are satisfied. Is this what love feels like? I want to surrender to you.”
Boom!
The powerful waves of energy shook the stone coffin.
At this moment, Shang An came to his senses. He needed to take the Charm Goddess away. He got up.
“Little Mei, I’ll take you out of here now.”
“We can’t leave,” the Charm Goddess said helplessly.
“We can leave. I’ve planned everything. There’s no problem,” Shang An said earnestly.
The Charm Goddess smiled. “Then I’ll follow you, Shang An. Wherever you go,
I’ll go too.”
Shang An nodded and closed the stone coffin. He then used his spiritual power to lift it up and began to leave.
As he carried the stone coffin out of the small room, the entire mine seemed to come to a standstill. Then, countless forces surged toward them.
Whoosh!
A powerful force rushed towards Shang An and attempted to strike him down.
This force was in the early stage of the Soul Ascension Realm. Shang An’s displayed cultivation was only at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm. The overwhelming aura was enough to suppress the Primordial Spirit.
Boom!
The Charm Goddess was worried, but to her surprise, Shang An raised his hand casually and blocked the attack.
Immediately, Blood Guards appeared, and Shang An’s face darkened.
Shang An carried the coffin and began to leave.
At this time, the Blood Guards surged and besieged Shang An, while more powerful forces surrounded them from all sides.
“It’s useless. Today, I’m no longer the person I was yesterday!” Boom!
Shang An clashed with the Blood Guards. They exploded on impact. His cultivation rapidly ascended. It advanced to the early stage of Soul Ascension Realm, then kept rising until it reached the peak of Return to Void Realm.
The Charm Goddess looked in shock at Shang An, whose cultivation was still rising.
At this time, the Blood Guards also grew stronger and caused the entire mine to shake violently.
Boom!
In an instant, a powerful force erupted, and the mine exploded. However, the next minute, the mine was restored once again.
The forces of destruction intertwined and collided. It broke the ground and the walls as though many beasts were in a stampede.
Boom! Boom!
The entire Blood Tide Forest began to shake.
Shang An took a step forward. His power was incredibly vast, and it constantly suppressed the surrounding energy.
The Charm Goddess stared at the person before her in astonishment. “Shang An, when did you become so strong? It’s only been a few years since I last saw you.”
Shang An’s strength far exceeded her imagination. At this moment, he stood there and emitted endless brilliance. He looked like the God of War. In his presence, the Charm Goddess felt unworthy.
At this moment, Dongfang Ji, who was deep inside the mine, sensed the terrifying power.
He turned to look. His eyes were filled with fear. “What kind of formidable expert is this? If someone like that comes here, I won’t have any means to fight. Life and death would be decided in an instant.”
Fortunately, the powerful person did not come his way. Moreover, most of the forces in the mine seemed to be heading in that direction, which allowed him to continue forward. He encountered no obstacles on his way.
If that powerful individual showed no interest in this place, then Dongfang Ji could take out the item he was looking for. The only concern was whether he could seal it afterward.
Outside, the horrifying power shattered everything. Two figures in black robes were filled with terror. They quickly retreated. When the mine exploded, they narrowly escaped death.
“What happened inside? Why is there such a powerful force?”
“I don’t know. Isn’t this far beyond the Soul Ascension Realm? It shattered the mine.”
Both of them were terrified and quickly withdrew from the place. The surrounding land began to collapse.
The power clashes affected the entire Blood Tide Forest and caused numerous Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators to flee. The whole forest was on the verge of collapse.
Jiang Hao stood outside the Blood Tide Forest. He felt the fluctuation in the spiritual energy and was shocked. This was beyond the Soul Ascension Realm. This level of power reminded him of the battle in the Heavenly Note Sect’s mine before. It was incredibly terrifying.
At that time, he was just at the Golden Core Realm. He was now in the Primordial Spirit Realm, and still, he couldn’t face such a power. It was best to stay away. Entering the mine now would be akin to courting death.
Fortunately, he escaped quickly.
Boom!
Suddenly, thunderous sounds came from the sky. Jiang Hao looked up and found that the Human Yuan array seemed to have reacted to the power fluctuation.
‘I don’t know how the Human Yuan will react further…
Meanwhile, Xia Dong, Gu Wen, and Ding Yu saw the current situation in the Blood Tide Forest. They trembled. What level of power was this? Even a bunch of Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators couldn’t achieve such a thing.
Fortunately, they had escaped, or else…
It was terrifying even to think about it.
Shang An stepped out with big strides, and the surrounding Blood Guards exploded. He protected the stone coffin and continued to move out. He used his teleportation technique, which allowed him to move faster.
At this time, the Blood Guards tried to stop him, but they couldn’t. However, they kept reassembling and becoming stronger. They made it increasingly difficult for Shang An to take each step.
As time passed, the power within the mine was released, and the suppressive force became stronger. The attacks became more ferocious.
While Shang An battled the Blood Guards, a blazing red light rushed from deep within the mine. When he sensed it, the red light was already upon him. In the next moment, it pierced through his body.
For a moment, Shang An stepped back. Blood gushed out of him, but he continued forward. He resisted with all his might.
But soon, the red light attacked from all directions again. It pierced through the Blood Guards and through Shang An.
Wisps of red lights pierced through Shang An. He spat out a mouthful of blood. The circulation of his power paused.
The Blood Guards closed in. If they got near him, Shang An would undoubtedly be killed.
At this moment, Shang An gritted his teeth and unleashed his power once again. How could he fall here? He had just begun!
“I won’t be defeated. Absolutely not! I’ve prepared for this day for so many years. I cultivated tirelessly and prepared myself. My cultivation, and my techniques… have all undergone countless tests. I’m fully prepared, how could I be defeated here? Today, I will take Little Mei away, and no one can stop me!”
At this moment, flames appeared on Shang An’s body, and his power erupted once again. However, his injuries became increasingly severe. It seemed he might collapse at any moment.
The Charm Goddess looked at Shang An, who was covered in blood. She wanted to tell him to give up, but she couldn’t bring herself to say it. She felt that she would be disrespecting years of his efforts if he told him to let go.
But if this continued, Shang An might die!