Chapter 308: The Fallen Shang An
Time passed very slowly.
At least in Shang An’s eyes, the passage of time felt like the slowest moment of his life. He needed to save Little Mei and deflect the Blood Guards. He needed to protect the coffin!
He had envisioned many scenarios and prepared for everything.
His cultivation had been low, so he had worked diligently to improve it. He had advanced from Primordial Spirit Realm to Soul Ascension Realm and then to Return to Void Realm in the shortest time possible.
He specialized in techniques and increased his power greatly. He had also comprehended formations to shake the Human Yuan array. He had done all this with one purpose in mind: to get Little Mei out!
If everything went smoothly, he could still achieve that goal.
However, time felt too slow. He had been walking for so long, yet he still hadn’t managed to leave the mine. But how could he give up? Nothing could crush his determination, and no one could surpass him.
As he watched the surroundings slow down and the Blood Guards attack relentlessly, Shang An roared in anger. His lifeblood started to surge, and a mighty power burst forth. It shook everything around.
His strength surpassed the limits of his cultivation realm. It seemed as if he wanted to burn out the last trace of his life force.
Looking at the man before her, who was sacrificing everything for her sake,
Little Mei was stunned. She hesitantly reached out to stop him. “Don’t!”
She realized that Shang An’s feelings for her went far beyond her imagination. She had never expected it to be like this.
Just as she spoke, a roar resounded. Everything around them collapsed into nothingness.
A powerful force shook the entire mine and suppressed the mine’s pressure on the stone coffin. At that moment, Little Mei felt a fleeting sense of freedom.
When she looked at Shang An again, she felt like a person in darkness seeing a guiding light. The road to freedom was just ahead of her.
She saw Shang An turn around to look at her. He smiled softly.
“Little Mei, I will get you out of here,” he said softly.
At that moment, tears welled up in Little Mei’s eyes and streamed down her face.
Boom!
The mine started to counterattack again, and this time, the power surpassed even Shang An’s.
However, Shang An continued to use the teleportation technique to escape from the mine. The surroundings kept changing as he approached the mine’s exit.
Wisps of red light pierced through Shang An, but he paid no attention to them.
He would be out soon if he could hold on a little longer.
As long as he got out of the mine, Little Mei would finally be free.
Nobody could stop him. Not now!
In this place, he was invincible.
Although he was on the verge of collapse, Shang An didn’t fall. He endured the attacks and the pain and managed to reach the entrance of the mine.
As she felt her spirit begin to fade away, she felt freedom. Freedom was just one step away from her.
Outside the mine, the two figures in black robes who had been waiting for two days dared not get near it.
The Dower emanating from the mine made them fearful.
What kind of terrifying existence was this? They had no idea.
This level of power far exceeded their expectations.
The battle gradually subsided. They felt anxious.
“What happened?” asked the black-robed woman.
“I don’t know, but the mine is intact. I’m not sure what happened…”
The two of them were still exchanging thoughts when they suddenly felt someone coming out of the mine. They quickly concealed their presence and suppressed their aura. They were afraid of being detected.
However, after waiting for a while, they sensed that the person’s aura was extremely weak as if he was on his last breath.
The two of them were astonished but still didn’t dare to approach the mine.
The man turned to look at them and collapsed with a loud thud.
“Who is he? And what’s in the coffin?” The two were puzzled. “Should we go and take a look?” asked the black-robed woman.
“Let’s wait.” The black-robed man was wary.
After waiting for a while and confirming that the man was indeed severely injured and on the brink of death, they approached him.
“Should we trap him first?” The black-robed man used a technique to trap Shang An.
The two of them approached the stone coffin.
“What’s inside? Should we try to open it?” The black-robed woman hesitated.
“Or should we leave it for now and check it after obtaining that… thing?”
“The commotion is probably related to the stone coffin. It’s beyond our capabilities…” The black-robed man hesitated for a while and decided to give up.
“Alright, let’s call Bu Hai Cheng here to keep an eye on it. We need to continue preparing the seal. I feel that Dongfang Ji is about to succeed,” said the black-robed woman.
Dongfang Ji arrived at the center of the mine.
He felt that all the surrounding power was heading to another location.
The presence was simply unimaginable. It was so powerful that it made him wary.
His gaze finally fell on the thing he had come here for. A green bead was trapped here.
There was a lot of blood energy on it as if it had just absorbed a spirit beast.
It seemed a bit full for now, but it would start devouring blood energy again. He had to take it out of the mine as soon as possible and seal it.
After waiting for a while, Dongfang Ji noticed that the power from the other place was returning, and the aura of the previous powerful person disappeared.
He didn’t rush.
If the powerful person had left, then he would wait for a while before moving out. It would be much safer that way.
Now it was all about waiting… He needed to wait until the Blood Guards attacked again. He would then take the bead away.
In the middle of the night, Dongfang Ji sensed the danger of the mine.
He quickly left the mine with the bead. Success or failure would depend on this one final move..