Chapter 309: The Appearance Of A Celestial
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Late at night, Jiang Hao stood outside the Blood Tide Forest.
He couldn’t see how everything had ended, but he could feel the spiritual energy calming down. This meant that the battle had come to an end. He also saw a green light. The moment the green light appeared, he felt
uneasy.
The blood energy around seemed to be trembling. It was very subtle, but it was there.
‘It seems the battle has ended, and the thing has come out of the mine. But it doesn’t seem strange. It’s probably sealed.’
Jiang Hao looked toward the sky. The Human Yuan had no further changes. He wondered why that was.
‘I wonder if ShangAn succeeded..
Jiang Hao was a little curious. He couldn’t sense anything from him right now. However, Shang An had told him he would leave in a day or two. The formation showed no change. It was likely that he might have failed in his attempt.
He sensed the presence of power near the green light. Someone was trying to seal that thing.
‘I wonder if anyone is left. There should be, but I’m not sure how strong they are.’
The battle had been terrifying. Jiang Hao was afraid to approach the mine.
After hesitating for a while, he took out the Heaven Secrets Hidden Talisman and activated it. He then activated the Breath Concealment Talisman too. He then concealed his aura.
After doing all this, he communicated with the golden ring he had left in the
Blood Tide Forest.
He went to check on the situation.
At this time, he also took out his protective treasure and the teleportation talisman.
If there was any danger, he would flee.
He disappeared from the spot. When he reappeared, he was in a forest some distance away from the mine.
He wouldn’t take the risk of getting too close. He felt a strange aura the moment he arrived.
The aura was somewhat excited but greedy. It seemed as though it wanted to devour everything near it. The green light became even more intense.
‘So… that is the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl…’ Jiang Hao looked in the direction of the green light in astonishment.
If that aura wasn’t suppressed, it would be dangerous. He would have fled if it hadn’t been sealed. It was terrifying.
If such an item fell into the wrong hands, no one knew what would happen. It was just like the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
Dan Yuan suggested that such things must be handed over to stronger sects. The immortal sects would find a way to seal such things and would not allow them to wreak havoc in the world. However, the demonic sects might not do the same.
‘Unfortunately, no one from Clear Sky School and the bright Moon Sect is here to handle things. If anyone from there were present, I could have found them. There were people from the Mountain Sea Sword Sect, but I don’t think they will get involved…’
Jiang Hao had dealt with the bright Moon Sect before. They were reasonable people.
Liu Xingchen was also from the Heavenly Faction. The Heavenly Faction was alright too.
They were known as the strongest immortal sect and were unmatched by other
sects in terms of ideology or strength.
Jiang Hao tried to make sense of his surroundings and soon detected Shang An’s aura. His aura was weak. He was almost dead.
‘How did he get so severely injured?’
Jiang Hao was puzzled.
He made sure that there were no powerful people around. He also realized that those who were strong enough were trying to seal the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl.
The place was safe for now. The powerful person from before was nowhere to be seen.
Jiang Hao was still wary.
Bu Hai Cheng, who was standing guard, heard footsteps. He turned to see a figure standing under a tree.
“Who goes there?” he asked warily.
The figure seemed to be at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, but he couldn’t see the person clearly. Perhaps they were using some concealment treasure.
Soon, the figure emerged from the darkness. Bu Hai Cheng could finally see who it was.
Under the moonlight, it was Jiang Hao standing in front of Bu Hai Cheng.
“Disciple Jiang?” Bu Hai Cheng smiled. “I heard that Xueyue was killed by Ye Dong?”
Jiang Hao glanced at Bu Hai Cheng and then turned to look at Shang An. He finally understood who the terrifyingly powerful person was from before. It was Shang An!
Judging from the traces of aura on his body, his power far exceeded the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“Hmm,” said Jiang Hao.
“Now, where is Ye Dong?” Bu Hai Cheng asked.
“I don’t know, but I advise you to leave as soon as possible. If Ye Dong comes, you’ll undoubtedly lose your head,” Jiang Hao said.
“Alright. Thank you, Disciple Jiang.” Bu Hai Cheng passed by Jiang Hao and headed toward the woods.
However, when he arrived behind Jiang Hao, he suddenly activated his power to attack him. “Hehe, you’ve fallen into my trap, haven’t you? I’ve long known that Ye Dong was impersonating that ugly freak. You’ve come to save him, yet you still want to deceive me. Go to hell!”
He was about to attack Jiang Hao. However, for some reason, his vision began to shift and then started spinning.
Soon, he saw his own body. He realized that he had been beheaded.
Jiang Hao had attacked him.
How could this be?
Jiang Hao paid no attention to the fallen Bu Hai Cheng and walked to Shang An.
He looked at the man on the ground, who was barely breathing. He sighed. “Was it worth all this for the sake of one woman?”
Shang An heard Jiang Hao’s voice. He tried to lift his head and look at him.
“M-Master.”
The Charm Goddess heard the voice and reached out. Her power began to manifest.
The space overlapped and suddenly a white-haired old man was standing beside Jiang Hao.
“Shang An!” the old man said angrily. “Is it worth it to waste your cultivation for a woman? Is it truly worth it?”
Shang An knelt on the ground silently.
“I will help you, but you have to kill that woman,” said the old man. “You have to promise me that you will kill her.”
“No, I can’t do it! I really can’t do it.” Shang An shook his head. “Master, I can’t
kill Little Mei.”
“Shang An!” the old man roared. “Do you know the talent you possess? Your cultivation has already surpassed mine. Once Clear Sky School discovers your talent, they will accept you as a True Disciple, even if you previously belonged to a demonic sect! You are destined to stand at the pinnacle of the entire cultivation world.. How can you be held back because of a woman, Shang An? My disciple, wake up!”