Chapter 310: You Are Not Worthy
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Under the moonlight, Shang An lay on the ground. He was still severely injured.
He heard his master roar. “I can’t let go,” muttered Shang An.
The Charm Goddess looked at him.
Jiang Hao watched indifferently.
Shang An’s master sighed. “I pursued profit throughout my life, made countless enemies but never cared, yet I ended up taking you as my disciple. Your disposition is weak, and you are stubborn. How do I deal with you?”
“As your disciple, I’ll take on all your enemies. I won’t let anything happen to you,” said Shang An.
The old man smiled and sat down. “That’s not what I meant. Shang An… you should join the Clear Sky School. You have potential. I have no other wish than to see you stand at the pinnacle of the cultivation world. No matter what, I’ll make a trip to Clear Sky School for you. Since you are unable to kill her, I’ll find someone else to continue teaching you.”
“Master, I won’t go to the Clear Sky School, ” said Shang An weakly.
The old man looked helpless. “Shang An, you’ve met only a few people in your life. You think she loves you, but she doesn’t. You will meet many women in the Clear Sky School who are worthy of you. You will meet someone who truly understands you and your worth. She will accept you for who you are. You’ll understand then that love is not only about physical desire. Trust me… there will be someone for you too who will love you for who you are. I have raised you. I know you. The one you run behind is not your destined partner. She isn’t worthy of you. ”
“Shang An!” Suddenly, the old man walked to Shang An’s side. “Your character determines your future. It may be rough, desperate, helpless, and painful. But no matter how difficult and bitter it is, you must persevere. Remember, you must live on. If you survive, your future will be brilliant. Shang An, you must survive!” Boom!
The scene erupted.
Shang An regained his breath and seemed to have awakened. However, it seemed that he couldn’t hold on for much longer.
“Please…” He reached out to Jiang Hao. “Help me.”
“How can I help you?” Jiang Hao stepped forward and stood in front of Shang
“Help me get Little Mei out of here,” murmured Shang An. “I… I have prepared a formation. I prepared the formation. I can get one person out. Help me get her out of here. Please…
Little Mei bit her bottom lip. The words of Shang An’s master had hurt her deeply.
“Alright.” Jiang Hao nodded. “Activate the formation, and I’ll get her out.”
Shang An was relieved. “Thank you.”
At that moment, a light radiated from Shang An’s body. The formation was activated.
The previously quiet Human Yuan Formation also reacted.
Boom!
A beam of light crashed into the Human Yuan Formation, and it created a small vortex that led outside the Corpse Realm.
Jiang Hao knew that if the Charm Goddess went out, she would be resurrected.
He squatted beside Shang An and fed him some spirit herbs.
Then he stood up.
“Whether you can survive or not depends on yourself.”
Jiang Hao extended his hand and activated the Universe in a Palm ability.
In the blink of an eye, Jiang Hao sealed Shang An in the palm of his hand. Then he looked up at the vortex.
He then activated the Reappearance of the Hidden Spirit ability.
In an instant, Jiang Hao’s strength soared to the peak, and purple energy surrounded him.
He raised his hand toward the vortex that appeared in the Human Yuan Formation.
Jiang Hao threw the purple bead toward the vortex. He noticed that the formation was also protecting the bead.
Everything happened too fast. Shang An had prepared this for Little Mei.
Only when Shang An entered the vortex did Jiang Hao breathe a sigh of relief.
Jiang Hao knew that he would be seen as a sign of his failure. He just wanted to do what he felt was right. Shang An deserved better.
After everything was done, he turned to the Charm Goddess. “You don’t look surprised.”
The Charm Goddess looked up at the sky and watched Shang An leave. She turned to Jiang Hao with a sad smile. “I knew you wouldn’t save me. After all, you aren’t an ordinary person. Shang An was the same. He was extraordinary. I never knew he had such talent. He had advanced so fast that even I was astonished. He is a genius, yet he stayed by my side and was willing to risk his own life to save me. I thought Shang An wouldn’t be able to get me out because he wasn’t strong enough. I was wrong. He exceeded my expectations.”
“Are there other Charm Goddesses like you in the cultivation world?” he asked. “Not many.” She shook her head. “But you can find them in some places.” “Are they all promiscuous and don’t know how to restrain themselves?” Jiang
Hao asked.
“Yes.” The Charm Goddess nodded.
“So, in other words, there are actually many people who can make Shang An believe that they truly care about him?” Jiang Hao asked. “But there is only one
Shang An. You were lucky to meet him.”
The Charm Goddess was stunned, but she didn’t say anything.
“I agree with Shang An’s master. There will be someone who will accept and understand him for who he is. Do you even know him that well?” asked Jiang Hao. “You’re not worthy of him. Go back to the cave. Continue with what you do but treat others with kindness. Maybe then someone will try to actually save you.”
Jiang Hao approached the stone coffin and kicked it. It flew toward the cave. It felt as though countless blood wisps reached and pulled it inside the mine.
Jiang Hao felt strange. It was as though creatures were staring at this place from inside the mine.
When Shang An was there, they didn’t take any action. But now that he was gone, they seemed to get excited.
Jiang Hao didn’t understand why it happened. But he didn’t care.
He had thought of killing the Charm Goddess, but he was worried that opening the coffin would awaken her.
Her strength had shown signs of recovery, and he didn’t want to take any risks.
Moreover, killing her would bring him trouble. So, he gave up.
Jiang Hao turned to look at the green light.
Despite the loud commotion just now, the people there hadn’t come over.
He could go and investigate a bit..