Chapter 311: Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Lan Qian stepped forward on the grassy lawn. Her steps were graceful.
Yun Qi looked at her and smiled. “Senior Sister, have you never thought of finding a companion?”
“Don’t you think that finding a companion would affect my cultivation?” Lan Qian asked calmly.
“I don’t feel that way. Cultivating with a companion has certain benefits,” Yun Qi said. “I have seen many cases like that.”
“I don’t cultivate in that way. I only focus on my own cultivation,” Lan Qian said.
“Not even a clone?” Yun Qi asked. “If your clone is of the opposite gender, what would the seniors of the sect think?”
Lan Qian asked, “Do you like your own body very much?”
Yun Qi smiled. “Do you have a clone?” “No, I don’t,” Lan Qian said.
‘Why?” Yun Qi looked puzzled.
“The Nine Extreme Corpse Technique has more than one cultivation method. It’s just that most people have clones,” Lan Qian said calmly.
Just as Yun Qi was about to ask further, the sky lit up. Immediately, the formation started to surge.
This sudden change surprised them.
“Someone has triggered the Human Yuan Formation! Why would that be?” Lan Qian was puzzled.
“Wow… their cultivation level must be quite high.” Yun Qi was also surprised.
“Isn’t it risky not to conceal themselves while going out?”
At that moment, a vortex appeared in the Human Yuan Formation. It was clear that the vortex led outside the Corpse Realm.
“Someone actually researched the Human Yuan Formation so thoroughly…” Lan Qian was astonished.
At this moment, a purple light streaked across the sky and rushed toward the vortex.
“What is that?” Lan Qian was confused.
‘The person went to great lengths to open the vortex just to send that out?’
Yun Qi smiled. “Such impressive power.”
Lan Qian looked at him in surprise.
“Senior Sister, where will the Heavenly Stele Mountain appear? Let’s continue to comprehend the sixth tablet,” Yun Qi said.
“Whether we’ll encounter it depends on luck,” Lan Qian said with a frown. “I don’t know why that genius is hesitating to appear. Since they’ve entered the
Corpse Realm, what could be more important than Heavenly Stele Mountain?” “Perhaps that genius is already here,” Yun Qi said.
They didn’t know for sure and could only wait to see if that genius would appear next time.
At the Blood Tide Forest, Jiang Hao applied another concealment talisman to himself. Only then did he walk toward the green light.
He didn’t dare to get too close.
At this moment, he was prepared to flee at any time. He kept the golden rings and the teleportation talisman ready.
The two rings were still active, and he had retrieved the ones he had used before.
Jiang Hao was only faintly visible in the moonlight.
Suddenly, a wave of energy came crashing down.
Jiang Hao was alarmed. He hid behind a tree.
Then, a green light soared into the sky.
This time, Jiang Hao could see the green light clearly from a distance. It was coming from a jade-like green bead.
It seemed to be full of vitality but carried a terrifying aura as if it could devour his entire soul.
‘So, this is the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl?’ Jiang Hao was astonished.
As the bead ascended, it was suppressed by another formation. It was difficult for them to break the seal, even if they wanted to.
Jiang Hao observed for a while and slowly approached the area. Soon, he sensed a formation ahead and decided not to get closer.
Boom!
The aura of a peak Primordial Spirit Realm appeared and suppressed the bead.
At this time, the bead was flying into the sky.
Jiang Hao was surprised to find that the bead was coming toward him. He had to step back!
Boom!
Another peak Primordial Spirit Realm joined the bead.
Soon, the bead was suppressed at the edge of the formation.
Sensing the aura of the two individuals, Jiang Hao stayed hidden in the darkness. Someone at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm was already powerful enough. He hadn’t expected two of them.
Moreover, someone was likely maintaining the formation, and that person might be the strongest one.
He glanced at the bead and appraised it.
If his strength wasn’t enough or if he was too far away, the divine ability might fail.
[Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl: In a semi-sealed state. When awakened, it can devour all flesh and blood in the vicinity and give birth to something entirely new. It is a part of the Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl. It might find a new body after long-term contact. It can be sealed with Hong
Meng purple energy or destroyed with the Heavenly Blade.]
It could still be sealed with purple energy. However, the pearl wasn’t fully sealed. The Universe in a Palm might not be strong enough to seal it.
It could be destroyed with the Heavenly Blade.
This bead was only a part of the Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl. It was merely a key to finding the Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl.
It was evident that the Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl was as terrifying as the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl.
This was the ultimate goal of the End of All Things.
Jiang Hao stood still and checked his own condition. His Reappearance of Hidden Spirit was still active, and he was at his peak.
‘Should I take action?’
Recalling the terror of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, Jiang Hao sighed. He had to take the gamble.
In an instant, he began to connect the golden sub-rings.
The Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman was also activated.
At the last moment, Jiang Hao was shrouded in purple energy, and he held the Heavenly Blade in his hand. The intent of the blade surged as if ten thousand mountains were pressing down on everything.
He used the second form of the heavenly Blade: Mountain Suppression.
He slashed.
Boom!
The sudden attack shocked the two black-robed individuals.
Both felt their scalps tingle and retreated to avoid its edge.
Boom!
The Mountain Suppression broke the formation and then crashed onto the Earth Extreme Heart devouring Pearl.
The previously active bead suddenly felt suppressed by something. Countless cracks spread across the bead. Then there was a loud bang.
The bead shattered into pieces and scattered in all directions.
At this moment, Dongfang Ji’s power surged again. The formation trapped most of the fragments, but a small portion flew out.
“Chase after them!” he said.
The two black-robed individuals looked in the direction of the attack, but there was no one there.
They didn’t even know if it was a person who had attacked them.
But they didn’t have time to think about it and immediately began to chase after the fragments.
Dongfang Ji landed on the spot where Jiang Hao had been moments ago. “Impressive! This small Foundation Establishment region is truly beginning to get interesting.”
The terrifying person from earlier, the one that triggered the Human Yuan Formation after that, and the person who shattered the pearl was not ordinary people.
“We have to leave this area as soon as possible.”
In the forest, Jiang Hao looked around and realized he didn’t know where he was.
He sensed danger behind him.
He was surprised to find a giant tree attacking him. Fortunately, it was slow.
Jiang Hao disappeared from the spot.
He reappeared outside Blood Tide Forest and on top of a mountain.
‘I’m safe for now.’
He let out a sigh of relief.
The golden rings were powerful, but they required a little bit of time to activate.
He had relied on the Thousand Miles Teleportation Talisman just now.
Now, he only had one ring left that could be used.
If necessary, he could try connecting the ring to the sub-ring in his courtyard. He didn’t know if he could leave using that..