Chapter 312: How Long Has It Been Since The Demoness Last Visited?
On the mountain peak, Jiang Hao gazed into the distance.
The Blood Tide Forest was calm now. It seemed there wouldn’t be any commotion for a while.
‘I’ve been meddling too much.’ Jiang Hao sighed wearily.
Whether it was about Shang An or the Earth Extreme Heart devouring Pearl, he could have turned a blind eye to all of it. He could have just watched from the side. That way, he would never be in any danger. But he had gotten involved.
‘Forget it… I’ll find another cave and continue mining. I need to become stronger…’
Jiang Hao was about to leave when a green light flew toward him. It was a fragment of the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl.
After making sure there was no one behind him, he used the Universe in a Palm ability.
The fingernail-sized green fragment floated into a pearl sphere.
Upon careful observation, the fragment no longer possessed its terrifying ability.
‘It is no wonder it can be destroyed by a Heavenly Blade.’
Once it was damaged, its power was affected. It was easy to destroy it after that.
However, he doubted the same method could work on the Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl.
The Earth Extreme Heavenly Silent Pearl contained all the misfortunes in the world. Its aura and every part of it brought calamities to people. The only things that could control it were suppression and sealing techniques.
Jiang Hao quickly left after collecting the golden rings.
Seven days later, the Blood Tide Forest had completely calmed down.
Jiang Hao returned to the mine once again.
He had searched for other mines, but he had found none.
There were only two in the Blood Tide Forest, so he came back here. He wanted to see if there were any other changes there.
With the disappearance of the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl, the mine might have changed in some ways.
Jiang Hao found that the mine was slowly recovering. The area that had been damaged was healing gradually.
After a moment, the mine was completely restored to its original state. Just when Jiang Hao thought it was over, the entrance of the mine began to close.
It seemed to be sealing itself.
In the evening, the mine completely closed down and disappeared from sight.
The place became barren for a while. Then trees began to sprout in the area.
“Is it gone?”
The mine had disappeared completely before Jiang Hao’s eyes.
Suddenly, he recalled the Charm Goddess. When he had appraised her, he had found out that she was trapped in the mine. Her seal wasn’t part of the mine. Now that the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl was gone, could the Charm Goddess take control of the mine?
At first, he thought Shang An would definitely come back if he wasn’t already dead. It seemed he might not be able to find the mine even if he came back.
Jiang Hao didn’t care. He was only concerned about finding a mine.
How would he find a place to mine now?
‘There is another one…’ Jiang Hao recalled the mine that Ding Yu had mentioned before.
Although the situation there was more complicated than here, it was fine with him.
Even if the quality of the ores and the bubbles were worse, it was still better than nothing. He might find blue bubbles if he worked hard enough.
Jiang Hao arrived at the mine that Ding Yu had previously told him about.
This place allowed mining throughout the day, but there was a period when nothing couldn’t leave the mine, as it was plagued by monsters inside.
It was because the space itself had undergone changes.
Once everything returned to normal, one could leave the mine when they pleased.
For safety, it was best to exit the mine before the monsters appeared.
However, the timing was uncertain. Someone had mentioned that placing a crowing chicken inside the mine was effective. If there was any spatial fluctuation, it would cause the chicken to crow, and people could leave after that.
After spending three days catching a crowing chicken, Jiang Hao entered the mine.
The mine was like a valley. The hollow space was connected to the surrounding cliffs.
After making sure that there were no problems, Jiang Hao walked ahead.
Once inside, he found the road was brightly lit and quite wide.
As he reached the end of the forked path, Jiang Hao set the crowing chicken down and gave it some food.
Then, he took out his treasured hoe and started digging.
Clang!
A blue bubble popped out. [Cultivation +1]
‘So fast?’
Jiang Hao was astonished. He thought it would take a while for him to find bubbles.
The mine was clearly not as good as the one he used to work in. ‘It’s all about luck..’
Jiang Hao continued mining.
Clang! [Spirit +1]
[Spirit +1]
[Spirit +1]
After mining for a while, he realized that almost all the gains were related to spirit. It was boring and tedious.
He continued mining day and night.
Two days passed, and he still hadn’t left the mine.
The chicken had never crowed. Jiang Hao began to doubt if it was even capable of doing so.
He checked on it several times. It seemed fine.
He also checked the surroundings and found that there were no monsters inside.
He continued mining.
During this time, three blue bubbles appeared. He didn’t know if there would be more later.
On the third day, the chicken crowed.
cock-a-doodle-doo!
Jiang Hao put away the hoe and left with the chicken.
After he exited the mine, he waited for a while.
Jiang Hao was relieved. He began tending to the spirit herbs around.
The spiritual energy was abundant here, and the soil was suitable for growing spirit herbs.
After setting up the array, he no longer had to worry about mining.
He could go and find Gu Wen and Ding Yu. They could all continue with their previous routine of mining and selling spirit herbs.
However, he suddenly noticed that the stone tablet was vibrating.
Dan Yuan was calling for a gathering.
‘I didn’t expect that the stone tablet in the Corpse Realm could be used for gathering!’ Jiang Hao was surprised.
It was no wonder Hong Yuye wanted to find the mastermind behind the stone tablets so badly.
‘Speaking of which… How long has it been since she last visited?’
Jiang Hao realized that after the last gathering, she hadn’t come to inquire about anything.
He stopped thinking about it and began to prepare for tonight’s gathering.
He also wanted to check on the progress of Gui.
“It’s been half a month, and we still can’t find Jiang Hao.”
Outside the Blood Tide Forest, Ding Yu felt quite helpless.
They had searched for Jiang Hao and various other opportunities.
However, there was no result, and it seemed like Jiang Hao had vanished from the Corpse Realm entirely.
“It’s because there’s no mine nearby,” Gu Wen said. “Maybe he went around searching for another mine. What would he do if he doesn’t find any? Ding Yu understood. “Are you saying he returned to the Blood Tide Forest?”
“Right now, there’s no one there, and the most dangerous place might turn out to be the safest. Moreover, he is not an ordinary person. He would most likely go back to find another mine,” said Gu Wen.
“So, should we also go back too?” Ding Yu asked.
“It depends on you, Disciple Ding. After all, it might not be safe inside,” Gu Wen said.
“Don’t worry. I’ve been paying attention, and no outsiders have gone in. It’s very quiet inside,” Ding Yu said in reassurance.
In the Endless Grasslands, Yun Qi smiled at his senior sister. “I think we should split up tonight. Senior Sister, you also need time to comprehend the techniques obtained from the sixth stone tablet, right?”
Lian Qian nodded. “Alright..”