Chapter 314: Are You Here Just To Mine?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao found the story familiar.
He realized that it somewhat matched what Shang An’s master had said.
“Did he really go to the Clear Sky School?”
Jiang Hao was astonished. He had initially thought Shang An’s master was just trying to scare him.
Who would be willing to hand such a talented disciple over?
If he became famous under his guidance, he would be renowned as a master in the world and his reputation would soar.
By sending him to the Clear Sky School, he was risking his own future. Shang An’s success would be credited to the Clear Sky School forever.
Moreover, joining an immortal sect from a demonic sect might turn out to be dangerous for Shang An.
Therefore, the fact that Shang An’s master had gone to the Clear Sky School and made them get involved meant that he genuinely cared about his disciple.
‘With the Clear Sky School’s backing, Shang An might be safe. However, whether he can break free from the influence of the Charm Goddess remains to be seen.’
Other than Jiang Hao, the others couldn’t understand why the demonic sect cultivator had gone to such an extent.
“If only one elder went out, it means it’s not some dangerous event. It should be related to someone or something,” Liu said.
“I think so too, ” Gui said. “If it were a major crisis or great opportunity, they would usually discuss it or travel discreetly. The fact that this person is so high-profile and has made it public knowledge that the elder is going out might mean that it’s a big deal but might not be very dangerous. They are asking others to wait for their news right now.”
Jiang Hao felt that what they said made sense.
Xing also nodded. “Indeed, it’s quite similar. Nowadays, many places in the eastern region are paying attention to this.”
“Oh… When will the Dao Conference be held?” Gui suddenly asked. She had mentioned that she wanted to check it out.
“It’s still early. The invitation hasn’t been sent out yet. This time, the Bright Moon Sect does want to create a big splash, but they haven’t revealed anything much. Just recently, after some infighting, it was decided which branch the disciple would belong to,” said Xing.
“Which elder ended up taking in that disciple?” Liu asked curiously.
“The Sect Master.” Xing smiled. “It’s said that it alarmed the others, possibly even the elders. In the end, I don’t know what happened, but the Sect Master took the disciple in.”
Jiang Hao knew that no one had higher authority than the elders in a sect, except the Sect Master. It meant that Chu Jie was indeed extraordinary if the Sect Master was going to the extent to take her in.
The Bright Moon Sect was not the same as the Heavenly Note Sect. They had numerous disciples and a heritage that had lasted for numerous years.
Unlike Heavenly Note Sect, which had only been around for a few decades, most of its disciples were on the same level, apart from the Sect Master and a few elders.
“That’s good then. I still have time to go and check it out,” Gui said with a smile.
“It had suddenly become quiet overseas. Many people were gathering for things in the depths of the sea, but suddenly, they all retreated. I don’t know why,” Liu said.
As everyone talked about things happening around them, Jiang Hao couldn’t think of anything to say. What could he even share? Shang An’s love story?
He couldn’t really talk about the cave and mining.
Suddenly, Jiang Hao thought of the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl. “I think the Heavenly Extreme Silence Pearl will surface soon.”
The others were stunned. They had never heard of such a pearl before.
Only Dan Yuan looked serious. “The Heavenly Extreme Silence Pearl is going to appear?”
“Possibly…” Jiang Hao nodded.
“If that’s true, the immortal sects must be informed as soon as possible, so they can find a way to seal it,” said Dan Yuan.
This puzzled Gui and the others.
“What is the Heavenly Extreme Silence Pearl?” Liu asked.
“I’m not sure,” said Jiang Hao truthfully.
He really didn’t know. He had only seen that name when he had appraised the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl.
He didn’t want to tell them about the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl because it might compromise his location.
“The Heavenly Extreme Silence Pearl silences the heavens and the earth and extinguishes all vitality. Its destructive range might not be as extensive as the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, but its killing intent is definitely greater. Its fame is not as widespread as the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. It’s not because it’s weaker, but it was destroyed during the refinement process, so very few people know about it,” Dan Yuan said.
Jiang Hao understood how part of it, which was the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl, got separated from the whole.
The others looked at Jiang Hao in confusion.
Then they continued to chat about various things.
“Alright, let’s end today’s gathering,” Dan Yuan said.
They bid farewell to each other and left.
Jiang Hao woke up in a secluded space.
He was underground, where he had set up his array, so it was relatively safe.
Although he lacked natural talent in formations, he was still in the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. Besides, he had been diligently learning about formations.
Even if his formations were simple, they could still withstand attacks from Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators.
After making sure everything was fine, Jiang Hao began to take stock of his gains from the recent gathering.
‘I’ll receive the reward for the list next time. If I want to ask anything, I’ll have to think it over before the next meeting. Next, I know that Shang An’s master went to the Clear Sky School, and Gui has already been to Heavenly Stele Mountain, and she suspects I’m inside the Corpse Realm.’
‘There’s also the matter of the extraordinary genius. It seems that it was Heavenly Stele Mountain that called me, and there’s a certain probability that my response would lead me to Gui. Gui might see me here! It’s safer to ignore tne summons.’
As for Chu Jie and the Bright Moon Sect’s Dao Conference, he already knew about those, so there was no need to pay too much attention to them.
He was only connected to Chu Jie because of Chu Chuan. He hoped Chu Chuan would work hard and get into the Bright Moon Sect soon.
However, the biggest gain this time was that he had established a sense of mystery by mentioning the Heavenly Extreme Silence Pearl.
The future was promising.
Early in the morning, Jiang Hao continued to mine. This time, he mined continuously for seven days.
On this day, he sensed the summons again. It was the kind of summoning that would lead him directly to the mountain. This was the third time.
He had been in the Corpse Realm for almost four months. The blue bubbles had accumulated quite a bit. He found eight bubbles on average in a month. Four for cultivation and four for lifeblood.
‘The gains are higher in this mine, but it also takes longer to find the bubbles.’
In these seven days, he successfully transplanted the spirit herbs he had found.
He was worried that the different soil might cause problems, so he had to replant them.
He decided to find Gu Wen and Ding Yu to help him sell the ores. He had collected so many ores lately.
It wasn’t even dawn yet, so he continued to mine.
Clang! Clang!
He enjoyed mining.
“You came to the Corpse Realm just to mine?” asked a familiar voice. The fragrance accompanying it made his heart restless.
The Heaven Extinction Gu poison didn’t work against one person in this whole world. That was Hong Yuye..