Chapter 315: Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment
When the Heaven Extinction Gu poison lost its effect in front of her, countless scenes flashed through his mind.
They were all related to his first meeting with Hong Yuye. He quickly suppressed these thoughts and calmed himself.
He couldn’t understand why he felt this way. Even if he hadn’t seen Hong Yuye for a long time, it shouldn’t be like this.
He turned around and
She was dressed in a rround her waist, and her black hair cascaded down her waist. Her skin was as pale as snow.
Jiang Hao bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Senior.”
“You have traces of charm techniques on you, and it just took effect a moment ago,” Hong Yuye said with a smile. ‘Who appeared in your mind just now?” “What do you mean, Senior?” Jiang Hao felt a little uneasy.
It was fine if she saw through him about everything, except this. If she found out that he was thinking about their first meeting, he would die of embarrassment.
“You have traces of charm techniques on you, which haven’t dissipated until now,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao felt a bit alarmed. Hong Yuye had flashed through his mind because the charm technique had worked. Was it possible that the charm techniques of the Charm Goddess were still on him?
That was quite terrifying. Fortunately, he was immune to other people’s bewitchment.
“So, who appeared in your mind?” Hong Yuye asked again.
Jiang Hao stayed silent.
“How long have you been in the Corpse Realm?” she asked.
“Almost four months,” Jiang Hao said.
“How long have you been mining?” Hong Yuye asked.
“A little over three months.”
There were too many ores in the warehouse. He couldn’t say he had just been mining in this new mine for a few days.
Hong Yuye chuckled. “Do you like mining that much?”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. “Not very much, but I have found that it is the easiest way to earn more spirit stones. With that, I can buy better tea for you, Senior.”
“For me?” Hong Yuye’s eyes narrowed. “Then how many spirit stones have you earned so far?”
“Two… two thousand. It’s difficult to sell the ores here,” Jiang Hao said.
Hong Yuye smiled faintly. “Look at me.”
Jiang Hao raised his head and looked at her.
The moment he saw how beautiful she was, he felt a surge of power. This power was like thunder in the high sky and waves in the deep sea. It struck him.
Bang!
Jiang Hao was flung into the air, and he crashed into the wall. It hurt a little.
“Full of lies,” Hong Yuye said coldly. “Since it’s to buy tea for me, just continue with your… mining. When I ask for Red Azure tea in the future, you can’t make an excuse for not having enough spirit stones. Otherwise…”
Hong Yuye glanced at him and smiled. “Otherwise, I will invite you to my place to have tea. ”
Jiang Hao lowered his head and didn’t dare speak.
Ten thousand spirit stones were gone, just like that.
He wondered if he could buy Red Azure tea here. If that was possible, he wouldn’t buy it in the sect. If not, he could buy some magical treasures and talismans and sell them in the sect to earn more spirit stones to gather enough to buy the tea.
At this moment, Hong Yuye headed outside, and Jiang Hao followed her.
He was curious about how Hong Yuye had gotten into the Corpse Realm. Did she use her own power? If that was true, he realized that he couldn’t escape the clutches of this demoness.
Everything was ineffective against her.
“Have you encountered someone with an innate charm?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao nodded. “It was in the previous mine.”
“And then?” Hong Yuye glanced at him.
Jiang Hao briefly explained his encounter with the Charm Goddess. He also talked about Shang An. With that, he also told her about the Earth Extreme Heart Devouring Pearl.
Hong Yuye listened carefully. “What happened next? Did you go there and check?”
“I did.” Jiang Hao told her what had happened in the end. Hong Yuye didn’t say anything. She just listened.
At this time, it was already dark outside.
The moonlight illuminated the surrounding forest.
Hong Yuye walked to an open space. A wooden table and chairs appeared beside her.
“How is my flower?” she asked as she sat down on the chair.
“It’s doing well,” Jiang Hao said.
Although he didn’t know how the spirit beast was taking care of it, he hoped it was doing its job properly.
He then started brewing tea. Luckily, he had brought the tea leaves along.
It wasn’t very expensive tea leaves, after all. He hadn’t had many spirit stones on him when he was preparing to enter the Corpse Realm.
Hong Yuye didn’t say anything.
After Jiang Hao had brewed the tea and poured a cup for her, she said, “Tell me about your gathering. How many times has that happened while I was away?
“Twice.” Jiang Hao sat down. “The last time was a few days ago.”
“Go on.” Hong Yuye lifted her teacup.
“There wasn’t anything significant this time…” Jiang Hao briefly described what had happened in the recent gathering.
As for the list and the reward, Hong Yuye just listened without any intention of getting involved.
When he mentioned the extraordinary genius, she seemed surprised.
“Summons?” She looked at Jiang Hao and smiled. “Are you implying that you are an extraordinary genius?”
Jiang Hao was startled. “I never said such a thing.”
He hadn’t said anything to hint at that. How did she know?
“Do I look blind to you?” Hong Yuye took a sip of tea. “The summons on you are obvious. Just because you can’t see it, doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist.”
Jiang Hao was speechless.
“In other words, Heavenly Stele Mountain has summoned you several times, and you ignored it every time just to mine. Am I getting that right?” Hong Yuye was a little surprised. “How much do you love mining?” “It’s for buying tea for you, Senior,” Jiang Hao said reluctantly.
Hong Yuye chuckled. “Go on.”
Then Jiang Hao talked about the incident where someone had tried to get into the Clear Sky School. He also mentioned his own theories regarding it.
“So… you think the person who tried to get into the Clear Sky School is Shang
An’s master?”
“Yes.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Continue, ” Hong Yuye said.
He then told her about the upcoming Dao Conference and how the Bright Moon Sect planned to promote their exemplary disciple.
“For the favor of the heavens and the earth…” Hong Yuye shook her head. “Not just that. If the Bright Moon Sect has indeed gathered so many talented experts, their main purpose is not just to gain the favor of the heavens and the earth. What they want is… the Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment.” “Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
It was the first time he heard about something like that.
Putting down her teacup, Hong Yuye said, “The Bright Moon Sect has gathered numerous talented experts because they want that disciple to provoke the anomalies under the sun and the moon. Then, they can use the favor of the heavens and the earth to suppress themselves. After that, they can rely on the wind providence of numerous experts and help the disciple reach the Heavenly Dao Foundation establishment.”
Jiang Hao was stunned.
“Senior, are you also someone like that? The one with the Heavenly Dao
Foundation Establishment?”