Chapter 316: Uneasy When Touched by the Demoness
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment was something Jiang Hao had never heard of before.
He only knew about the ordinary Foundation Establishment Realm that everyone cultivated.
He had thought that there was no difference between various disciples who were in the Foundation Establishment Realm. It seemed now that there were different types of Foundation Establishment Realms.
It seemed that in the world of geniuses, nothing was impossible.
Someone like Hong Yuye was probably someone who cultivated the Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment Realm, considering how powerful she was.
“No.” Hong Yuye shook her head. “The Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment requires the right timing, place, and people. It’s extremely rare.”
“Does that mean a Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment cultivator is destined to stand at the pinnacle of the cultivation world?” Jiang Hao asked curiously.
Hong Yuye’s abilities were already so formidable, and he couldn’t imagine how powerful a Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment cultivator could be.
“At the pinnacle of the cultivation world?” Hong Yuye thought for a moment. “Yes and no. Although the Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment cultivators have a solid foundation, there’s no inherent advantage in either foundation or talent. True strength usually lies here.” She extended a slender finger and tapped on Jiang Hao’s chest.
“The heart?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
Jiang Hao felt uneasy when she tapped on his chest. In the past, whenever Hong Yuye touched him, he would either be flung away or would crash down somewhere.
This was the first time she touched him without any violent consequences.
‘You’ll understand in the future.” Hong Yuye withdrew her hand.
‘How long would that be?’ Jiang Hao felt that it would be soon. If he continued to mine here, he would have infinite possibilities.
“Senior, does the Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment mean that one will be favored by heaven and earth?”
“Yes, as long as one doesn’t do anything that angers them, the Heavenly Dao Foundation Establishment cultivators will gradually gain the favor of heaven and earth. They have the potential of becoming someone great in the future.”
Jiang Hao thought of the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. In order to suppress the seal, one needed to have great luck and talent.
He still didn’t know how to find the Earth Extreme Silent Pearl. He could only wait and see.
After all, there was no substantial progress on this matter, and it didn’t matter whether he mentioned it or not.
“Let’s talk about the previous gathering,” Hong Yuye said and drank her tea.
Jiang Hao nodded. He tried to recall everything he had learned from the gatherings.
He had received much information from the previous gatherings and needed some time to think about them.
“In the previous gathering, there were many gains. The first one was that Gui is in the Heavenly Note Sect and is now in the Corpse Realm,” said Jiang Hao. Hong Yuye sipped her tea. “You didn’t take any action?”
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head. “Judging from the injuries of the dragon I found, Gui must be stronger than I. I’m not her match.”
Hong Yuye smiled. “Go on. Tell me about your decision and the reasons behind it.”
“I feel that I can’t act against Gui. If I do confront her, it might affect the undercover operation. They will become more vigilant. It will be even more difficult to find the person behind the stone tablet,” said Jiang Hao.
He himself couldn’t take action. It would be suicidal to fight against someone stronger. The opponent could use curses too!
Hong Yuye could make a move, but she only wanted to observe.
“Continue, ” Hong Yuye said.
Then Jiang Hao talked about the task of finding the list related to the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl and also mentioned Hai Luo, the Heavenly King’s weakness.
Hong Yuye seemed a bit surprised at this.
After explaining everything, Jiang Hao handed over the information about The End of All Things.
“This is the information about The End of All Things that I could find. The Great Thousand God is investigating the Hundred Note Sect. The one who issued that mission is also a part of The End of All Things. Their purpose is to find… something, but it’s unclear what exactly that is.”
“The End of All Things?” Hong Yuye looked at the note.
“I had the secret code from The End of All Things, but it must have expired or might have been changed. I tried using it, but I don’t know if I’ll get any results,” he said. He informed her about his plan to let the spirit beast search for it.
Jiang Hao then discussed the task related to Heavenly Stele Mountain.
“The contents of the sixth stone tablet?” Hong Yuye looked interested. “The inheritance of Heavenly Stele Mountain?”
“Senior, have you been here before?” Jiang Hao asked. Gui had mentioned that an extraordinary genius had appeared in the Corpse Realm one or two hundred years ago.
From what Jiang Hao Imew, no one seemed capable of surpassing Hong Yuye.
“I haven’t.” Hong Yuye raised her head and gazed at the bright moonlight. “This is my first time here, but I’ve seen the formation that sealed this place before.”
“The Three Elements Formation of Heaven, Earth, and Human Yuan?” Jiang Hao asked.
Hong Yuye didn’t answer. She just continued to drink her tea.
Jiang Hao didn’t ask further and poured himself a cup of tea to join her.
After a while, the sky suddenly rumbled.
It seemed that the Human Yuan Formation had sensed something.
“Your reaction is faster than I expected.” Hong Yuye put down her teacup. “Are you going to keep mining here?”
Jiang Hao didn’t know how to answer her.
But before he could respond, Hong Yuye said, “Next time, can you afford the
Red Azure tea?”
“I can,” Jiang Hao replied without hesitation.
Hong Yuye looked at him with an amused smile. Jiang Hao was startled.
“I dedicate myself to serving you, Senior,” he said quickly.
Hong Yuye chuckled and then disappeared from the spot.
“Once I get back, I’ll check to see my flower and my tree. If anything has happened to them, I’ll make sure you can’t mine for the rest of your lives.”
Her voice echoed in Jiang Hao’s ears. He could only hope the spirit beast was doing its job well. Otherwise, the consequences would be bad.
‘Does that mean she will visit me again?’
He had been here for four months, so there were still eight months remaining. She might visit him again.
There might be another gathering soon. He needed to think about the questions he wanted to ask.
After Hong Yuye disappeared, the Human Yuan Formation returned to normal.
The next day, Jiang Hao waited for the rooster to crow, so he could go into the mine.
It might take some time. So, he tended to the spirit herbs. He also needed to find people who would cooperate to sell the ores and herbs.
Whoosh!
Suddenly, two figures arrived on flying swords.
It was Gu Wen and Ding Yu.
Their aura wasn’t very stable, but they had both reached the early stage of the
Golden Core Realm.
‘It hasn’t been that long… They advance so quickly!’
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but admire these people. Among the five he knew who had achieved the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm, all had advanced to the Golden Core Realm in such a short time.
It seemed that this place was truly filled with opportunities.
However, he still hadn’t advanced to a new stage.
When he returned to the sect, he could make his cultivation realm appear as the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. That would be believable.
‘I wonder if Junior Brother Han will be affected by the fact that I reached the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm…’