Chapter 317: Let’s Borrow Some Spirit Stones
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“Friend Jiang, it’s been a long time.” Gu Wen greeted Jiang Hao with a smile.
They were indeed lucky. They should have come here much earlier. When they reached the area where the previous mine used to be, they found the land completely transformed. There was no mine in sight.
After some exploration, they discovered an Enlightenment Spring. With their accumulated experiences, they finally advanced to the Golden Core Realm when they stepped into it.
After refining their cultivation, they hurried to the second mine. As expected, they found Jiang Hao there.
Now that they had achieved the Golden Core Realm, they could continue with their previous arrangement.
“Both of you have advanced! That’s great to see!” Jiang Hao said politely.
“We owe it to you, Friend Jiang.” Ding Yu glanced at the surrounding items.
“Shall we continue with the previous arrangement?”
Indeed, they owed their success to Jiang Hao. Without him, they wouldn’t have returned, nor would they have encountered the Enlightenment Spring.
“Sure.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Then we’ll continue to sell the ores outside and search for spirit herbs. Should we leave the management of this place to you, friend?” Gu Wen asked.
Jiang Hao had no objections.
Now that they had all successfully reached the Golden Core Realm, they wouldn’t leave the group unexpectedly. They also didn’t have to fear that someone would hog the spirit herbs if they chose to leave.
It was good to have someone sell the ores.
At present, Jiang Hao had only twenty thousand spirit stones left. It was quite troublesome to sell the ores he had mined for so long. If he deducted ten thousand for the tea, he was left with only ten thousand spirit stones more.
Ding Yu looked around but didn’t find Shang An. He asked, “Where is the Senior?”
“He left,” Jiang Hao said.
They nodded. They wondered if Shang An had succeeded in his plan.
After all, they had heard with their own ears that failure would mean being trapped here forever.
“Aren’t you going out to seek opportunities, Friend Jiang?” Gu Wen asked curiously.
Seeking out opportunities after reaching the late stage of the Foundation
Establishment Realm meant a high probability of advancing to the next realm.
Jiang Hao shook his head. Mining suited him best.
On the other side of the Corpse Realm, in the Primordial Spirit region, Yun Qi and Lan Qian once again approached Heavenly Stele Mountain. They stood before the sixth stone tablet.
“The extraordinary genius seems to be absent again,” Yun Qi said in surprise.
“I don’t understand.” Lan Qian shook her head.
The genius was already here, so why wouldn’t they come to Heavenly Stele Mountain? Was there something else more important than this mountain?
That seemed unlikely.
At this moment, the stone tablet in front of them suddenly lit up and then quickly returned to normal.
“What’s happening?” Yun Qi asked in confusion.
“I don’t know…” Lan Qian shook her head. “It suddenly lit up, as if calling or responding to something, but why did it disappear instantly?”
“Has this happened before?” Yun Qi asked.
“Never. The opening of the Corpse Realm was different place seems strange. Heavenly Stele Mountain had incr stone tablet even glowed for an instant!” Lan Qian cou cause such changes.
Time passed quickly.
After the incident in the Blood Tide Forest, many people arrived in the Foundation Establishment region. They were mostly in the Golden Core Realm.
This was a good thing. It was easier for Jiang Hao’s group to sell their ores. They could even sell many spirit herbs.
They managed to earn a few spirit stones.
Midway through, Zhuge Zheng requested to join them, followed by Xia Dong and Murong Qingqing.
There was a change in the division of their earnings once more.
Previously, the earnings were divided equally between three people, but now, there were six of them. Jiang Hao suggested dividing them equally.
They unanimously agreed with his suggestion.
They didn’t exploit those in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm just because they had advanced to the Golden Core Realm.
In just one month, they had sold a lot of ores, and their spirit stones earnings increased from twenty thousand to thirty thousand.
Only four months had passed.
The Corpse Realm would be open for a year, so earning another twenty thousand spirit stones seemed possible.
Jiang Hao thought about how he would spend them. The awakening of the bloodline of the spirit beast would cost him twenty-four thousand spirit stones, the peach tree would cost around twenty thousand, and the Red Azure tea would cost him ten thousand spirit stones. That added up to fifty-four thousand.
Jiang Hao sighed. He was still short of his goal by a lot. He shouldered his hoe and continued to mine.
Soon, he received another summons. He ignored it.
Meanwhile, Zhuge Zheng and the others sat together.
“Why does he keep mining every day? If there is a mine, he goes in to dig without missing a single day. Is mining that fun?” Murong Qingqing couldn’t understand.
When they first met Jiang Hao, he suggested finding a mine.
“Maybe he was too poor in his sect?” Xia Dong suggested.
Everyone nodded. That seemed to make sense. Otherwise, why would someone be so crazy about mining?
Earning thousands of spirit stones upon entering the Corpse Realm must have been a revelation for Jiang Hao.
“Lately, someone has been watching us,” Zhuge Zheng said.
“I noticed that too. The five of us in the Golden Core Realm may not be enough for defense. However, the array here must have been left behind by the senior. Although it’s ordinary, it can still deter others. Moreover, they have backers, but we’re not lacking in support either. We even have Disciple Zhuge Zheng from the Mountain Sword Sea Sect.” Gu Wen smiled.
Ding Yu nodded. “I’ve set up many traps nearby. The appearance of the
Enlightenment Spring will attract attention, so we’re safer here.”
“I’m just afraid that someone above the Golden Core Realm will appear here. I don’t think I will be able to use my sect’s authority to threaten them,” said Zhuge Zheng.
Gu Wen sighed. If Senior Shang An was still here, they wouldn’t need to worry about all this. He had been truly great.
Outside the Blood Tide Forest, two figures descended from the sky.
One was dressed in a white gown with a white belt around her waist. There was a white feather in her hair, which was tied up in a bun.
“We’re here,” she said in a soft voice. She smiled faintly.
“Junior Sister Ye, the location you mentioned is here in the Foundation Establishment region? How can there be so many spirit stones here?” A man dressed in black robes landed beside her.
“Senior brother MO, do you not believe me? I heard about it on my way here. If he didn’t deceive me, then it’s true. They say that this place has several Foundation Establishment or Golden Core Realm cultivators working together to sell ores. They used to sell to the Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators, but now they sell to the Golden Core Realm cultivators as well. I also heard that the Enlightenment Spring appeared here, so there will definitely be Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators arriving soon. Can Golden Core Realm guard against them? Look at it this way: we’re helping them. By the way, they say that they are selling the ores and herbs at a low price and have almost collected all the spirit stones from the surrounding people.”
“If that’s the case, they shouldn’t mind us borrowing some,” MO Tian said with a smile.
“We need them urgently. Borrowing is fine. We’ll return them later. We’re not the type who don’t return favors,” she said solemnly.
The two of them headed deeper into the forest.
“What if others in the Primordial Spirit Realm reached them quicker than us?” asked MO Tian.
“It doesn’t matter even if they are faster.” Ye Luo smiled sweetly. “Not everyone is as perfect in their cultivation as you, Senior Brother. You are at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm.”
“I just advanced recently, so my cultivation is not stable. If you hadn’t come to find me, I would still be refining my cultivation. But even so, my cultivation is already beyond the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.”
“In that case, there’s nothing to worry about. No one above the Primordial Spirit Realm will come for us,” said Ye Luo..