Chapter 318: The Formidable Opponents
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao had been in the mine for a few days.
The harvest was quite good. It had been exactly five months since he entered the Corpse Realm. It was already June 15th.
In these five months, he earned thirty thousand spirit stones and obtained numerous ores and several spirit herbs.
‘I wonder when I’ll be able to dig up a valuable piece of ore.’
Jiang Hao paused and looked at his interface.
[Name: Jiang Hao]
[Age: 26]
[Cultivation: Late Stage of Primordial Spirit Realm]
[Cultivation Method: Heavenly Sound Hundred Revolutions, Hong Meng Heart Sutra]
[Divine Ability: Nine Revolutions Death Substitution (unique), Daily Appraisal,
Clear and Pure Heart, Reappearance of Hidden Spirit, Divine Might, Revival of
Withered Tree]
[Lifeblood: 55/100 (Can be cultivated)] [Cultivation: 57/100 (Can be cultivated)]
[Divine Abilities: 1/3 (Cannot be obtained)]
‘The numbers are only half of what I need… I only get four or five bubbles on average each month.’
Jiang Hao felt that it was still okay. After all, he hadn’t mined for half a month after the whole debacle. Otherwise, he would have obtained more bubbles.
He managed to barely keep up with the growth of the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower. Moreover, he gained an additional thirty thousand spirit stones.
Entering the Corpse Realm proved to be fruitful!
Next, he would have to find out if he could find someone who sold the Red Azure tea in this place.
He had already asked Gu Wen and the others to help look for it.
If someone had it, they would definitely sell it. Especially since everything was sold at a lower price here. People could buy ores and herbs and sell them when they returned to their sect. Even if they had to sell the tea at a lower price, they would still earn one or two thousand spirit stones as profit.
They could earn three or four thousand if the ore prices were pushed even lower.
Recently, they sold a lot of ores that way.
Gu Wen and the others used the spirit stones to buy treasures and pills at market prices. The other buyers would then keep the ores and sell them at higher prices. It was a win-win situation for everyone.
There weren’t many mines, and everyone was eager to buy and resell the ores. If there were too many mines and many sellers, the value of the goods would be low.
If someone had the Red Azure tea around here, they would definitely sell it at a lower price than the outside.
Jiang Hao continued to mine. He had been here for a few days and hadn’t gone out at all. Caring for the spirit herbs wouldn’t earn him as much as mining.
As long as he kept mining, he would keep earning bubbles.
[Spirit +1] [Strength +1]
[Endurance +1]
His physical attributes kept improving. It was also thanks to the nameless manual that he could benefit from what he collected to the fullest.
He was also getting better at concealing his abilities.
One day, even Hong Yuye wouldn’t be able to see through his concealment.
He would then have the ability to fight back.
Cock-a-doodle-doo!!!
The rhythmic crowing of a rooster rang out.
Jiang Hao put away the ores and left immediately.
Although he didn’t know what would happen if he was trapped here, he didn’t intend to find out anytime soon.
Outside, the sky was getting brighter.
Murong Qingqing used a branch to draw something on the ground.
“What are you doing, Disciple Murong?” Gu Wen asked curiously. “I’m checking how dangerous this cave is,” Murong Qingqing said.
Gu Wen waited for a while. “How dangerous is it?”
“It’s not as dangerous as I expected. There is a lot of spiritual energy inside,” Murong Qingqing said.
“Does that mean we can go in and explore?” Ding Yu asked.
They wanted to see what was inside after the mine was sealed. They were all in the Golden Core Realm and felt that they could handle whatever was inside.
Previously, they were all in the Foundation Establishment Realm. Hence, they were weak to face dangers. They were stronger now.
“With the opportunities we’ve gained and the spirit stones we have, what else do we want? We shouldn’t be too greedy,” Xia Dong said.
“Only Junior Brother Jiang is the most honest person here. He has made it clear that he only wants spirit stones,” said Zhuge Zheng.
“If you want to go, then do so. But it will be troublesome if you can’t come out of there,” Ding Yu said.
He immediately looked toward the direction of the forest, and his face darkened.
“Somebody is coming, and they’ve destroyed everything I left behind,” he said.
The five of them stood up.
At this moment, two figures walked out of the forest.
One was a man dressed in black, and the other was a woman in white.
Their cultivation realm wasn’t clear.
When they appeared, Zhuge Zheng’s heart sank. The others felt the same. They knew that these were formidable opponents.
“Seniors, why are you here?” asked Gu Wen politely.
“We heard that you’re selling ores, so we came to take a look,” MO Tian said with a smile.
The two visitors were MO Tian and Ye Luo. It took them quite some time to find this place. Otherwise, they would have arrived much earlier.
“We only have some cheap ores here. Seniors, if you are interested, we’ll of course offer them to you,” said Gu Wen.
“We’re only slightly interested in the ores. We aren’t here to snatch them away from you,” said Ye Luo with a friendly smile. “Actually, we were wondering if we could borrow some spirit stones from you all.”
“If you are in difficulty, we cannot just stand by and do nothing! We’ll offer you the spirit stones. How much do you need, Seniors?” said Gu Wen.
“We want to borrow as many as you have, ” said Ye Luo. “You must have several seniors from your sect here, right?”
“Seniors, you must be joking. We come from a small sect, and our seniors are far from being a match to you two,” said Gu Wen humbly.
“Small sect?” MO Tian looked at Zhuge Zheng. “When did the Mountain Sea Sword Sect become a “small sect”?”
Then he turned to Gu Wen. “When did Western Astronomical Academy turn into a “small sect”?”
Gu Wen’s heart sank again. The others felt the same.
They exchanged glances with each other. These people planned to silence them forever. It wouldn’t be easy to flee.
They were too close, and their life-saving treasures might not activate in time.
Gu Wen still smiled amiably. He wanted to stall for time.
Suddenly, a chicken crowed loudly.
In the blink of an eye, he threw a talisman with the word “defense” written on it.
Before the defense activated, he turned around and rushed toward the mine. “Get inside!”
They could at least stall for time if they reached the mine. Perhaps they could find a way to escape. They had no other option.
The other four understood his intention. They threw their talismans and ran toward the mine.
Just as they ran, they saw Jiang Hao coming out of the mine.
Gu Wen wanted to stop him, but Jiang Hao was too fast. He couldn’t stop him.
‘A Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator had such an impressive movement technique?’
Jiang Hao was elusive like a shadow.
It was difficult to see where he exactly was.
‘This… This is the Light and Dust Technique! How is this possible?’
Everyone was caught off guard.
Jiang Hao, on the contrary, was puzzled.
‘What’s wrong with those five? Why are they running toward the mine? Are they bold enough to explore the mine when it’s closing time?’
Jiang Hao appeared at the entrance of the mine. He couldn’t really go inside and ask them. He didn’t want to take a risk without knowing what was inside.
At this moment, a taunting voice came from behind him.
“Five ran away, and now there’s another one, but he’s weaker. Looks like he doesn’t have many spirit stones..”