Chapter 319: Two More Strikes
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao turned to look behind him. He frowned when he saw two new faces.
A man and a woman.
The man was at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm, with unstable fluctuations in his aura. It meant that his cultivation wasn’t stable yet. He must have advanced just recently.
The woman was at the late stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm with a stable aura. She must have been at that stage for a long time.
The strength of the two was not something a Golden Core Realm cultivator could face, which explained why those five people had fled into the mine.
Jiang Hao also didn’t want to become their enemy.
“Seniors, do you need something from me?” asked Jiang Hao.
“We want to borrow some spirit stones,” Ye Luo said with a smile. “How many spirit stones do you have, young friend?”
“One thousand five hundred,” Jiang Hao said.
“That’s… a small amount,” Ye Luo said regretfully. “We wanted to borrow around fifteen thousand. Do you have that much? If not, we’ll have to find it somewhere else.”
Jiang Hao frowned. At that moment, he suddenly sensed a response from the book in his storage treasure.
It was the book Xue Yue had left behind.
Jiang Hao was surprised. He looked at the woman in front of me but couldn’t really understand how she was related to the book. “Senior, are you from the Heavenly Feather Sect?” Both Ye Luo and MO Tian were stunned.
“How did you know?” Ye Luo asked.
“Senior, are you Ye Luo?” Jiang Hao asked again.
Ye Luo frowned. She couldn’t figure out how this person knew about her.
Since they assumed Jiang Hao was at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm, they weren’t worried about anything.
“It seems that you are,” Jiang Hao said. “I wonder if you remember Xue Yue, Senior?”
“Xue Yue?” Ye Luo was surprised. She then nodded. “I remember. Junior Sister Xue Yue was as beautiful as a flower. Some felt that she was too distant. There was a person who was determined to make her his at all costs. Junior Sister Xue Yue was still young. I thought that person was sincere about his affection, and I helped him. I thought he would treat her well, so I helped them get… intimate. Unfortunately, Junior Sister Xue Yue didn’t like him and ended up killing him instead. Her innocence was lost, but no one knew about it. I think Senior
Brother MO Tian was probably kept in the dark too.” Ye Luo looked at MO Tian. “I remember that you even captured her for a night of passion.”
MO Tian’s face darkened, but he didn’t respond.
Jiang Hao thought it was such an unexpected coincidence that both these people were here.
“Junior, are you also interested in Junior Sister Xue Yue? I advise you to choose someone else. Many talents from our sect have been with her, and she’s not chaste. Keep your distance.” Ye Luo shook her head and sighed.
“No.” Jiang Hao shook his head. “I’m not really familiar with her. I was just curious.”
“I see,” said Ye Luo. “Let’s talk about the spirit stones. We want to borrow 15,000. Do you have them, Junior?”
“I have them. I have a total of 30,000 spirit stones. When do you plan to return them, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
The two were astonished. How could a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator have so many spirit stones?
It wasn’t that they were poor, but they had a lot of things they needed to spend their spirit stones on. For example, treasures, pills, herbs, etc.
Moreover, the higher the cultivation, the higher the expenses. Their normal earnings were simply not enough.
“We’ll definitely return them. It’s okay if we take a bit of time, right?” Ye Luo smiled sweetly. “You have so many spirit stones, after all. Even if we don’t return them, it won’t make much of a difference, will it?”
“Enough. First, let’s see how many spirit stones he actually has. If he really has that many, we have to try and find those five people too,” MO Tian said as he prepared to make his move.
“Please wait a moment,” said Jiang Hao. “I have just one last question… Is the Heavenly Feather Sect a demonic sect?”
Ye Luo was just about to speak but suddenly felt a biting cold. Jiang Hao had disappeared from his original spot.
MO Tian’s reflexes were quick. He immediately launched an attack behind him.
His peak of Primordial Spirit Realm aura erupted.
Boom!
A blade shattered his attack, and the impact pushed him back.
MO Tian was alarmed.
But before he could check where the attacker was, another massive blade intent pressed down on him.
He roared and tried to use all his strength to resist. However, he found that he couldn’t cast any spells.
At this moment, he realized that his arm had been severed.
Swoosh!
A silver-white blade stabbed into his body.
Immediately after, a terrifying power stirred in his body and destroyed his vitality.
He gritted his teeth and spat out a mouthful of blood. “How dare you!” Boom!
He burned himself, and an immensely powerful force erupted like a flood. However, moonlight swept past him.
Amidst the moonlight, there was a purple aura, and then his vision began to blur.
He finally saw the person who had attacked, but he couldn’t believe his eyes.
The one who killed him was the late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator they had just met.
Ye Luo looked in horror at the scene before her. A single slash beheaded MO Tian.
The attack was so fast that it was surreal.
She saw the person who had attacked as his eyes met hers.
“I need the spirit stones.” Jiang Hao pulled the saber out from MO Tian’s body and looked at the woman before him.
“I… I never said I wouldn’t return them,” Ye Luo stammered and backed away in fear.
“Hm… it’s okay,” he said. “Just be more careful in your next life.”
Ye Luo was startled. She activated her life-preserving treasure and attempted to escape.
Jiang Hao gripped the Half-Moon Blade and purple energy surged. He took a step forward.
He used the third form of the Heavenly Blade: Meteor.
Jiang Hao vanished like a shooting star from his position, and the blade of light slashed at Ye Luo.
In an instant, her defense collapsed, and her treasure shattered.
Ye Luo’s life force dimmed.
With a thud, her body fell to the ground.
Jiang Hao landed beside her.
“Please… don’t kill… me…
He stabbed her twice more. Only then did she die.
Jiang Hao placed the two bodies together and threw Xue Yue’s book at them. The book caught fire and burned ferociously. Flames enveloped the two corpses.
Only a pile of ashes remained on the ground when the flames finally burned out.
Jiang Hao finally felt at ease. Xue Yue’s grudge was finally over.
He cleaned the area up.
‘Fortunately, the one at the peak of the Primordial Spirit Realm had only just advanced. Otherwise, it might have been troublesome…’
After taking half a day to recover, Jiang Hao was at his peak once more.
It was only at this point that he picked up the two storage treasures.
‘Both in the Primordial Spirit Realm… they should have quite a lot of spirit stones…’
They were going around “borrowing” spirit stones from juniors, so they might have collected a lot.
Jiang Hao first checked Ye Luo’s storage treasure. He was disappointed.
Then he checked MO Tian’s storage treasure. His face darkened.
People who managed to enter the Corpse Realm were geniuses. They had decent status and backgrounds, so how were they so poor?
There were only three thousand spirit stones in total from the two of them. Two thousand were from Ye Luo’s storage treasure, and one thousand spirit stones were from MO Tian’s storage treasure.
Where were their spirit stones?