Chapter 320: Jiang Hao May Be in Trouble
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
At the Hundred Flower Lake, the flowers and leaves swayed gently by the pavilion.
Their fragrance filled the air.
The red and white dress swayed in the wind, and her hair rustled.
“Sect Master…”
A white figure landed in front of the pavilion.
She looked at the woman sitting on the stone chair in the pavilion with respect.
“Speak.”
“We have already captured half of the people targeting the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl, and they are all imprisoned in the Lawless Tower. The new list is still being compiled,” Baizhi said. “We still don’t know their intentions regarding the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. We are interrogating them. We have traced the connections between Azure Mountain and the forces overseas.
It seems to be related to The End of All Things.”
“The information was obtained from those captured. The End of All Things is a strange force. They have a core group, but most of them are outsiders. It would be quite troublesome if we didn’t have any other channels, but fortunately, we do. However, it will still take some time.”
“What do they want?” Hong Yuye looked at Baizhi.
“We’re not sure yet.” Baizhi lowered her head.
“But judging from their core principles, it is possible that they are after the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl. However, at that time, the Heavenly Fate Misfortune Pearl had not yet appeared. So, their purpose is still uncertain.”
“Continue the investigation,” Hong Yuye calmly said.
“Yes.” Baizhi nodded.
“Not long ago, we received an invitation from the Bright Moon Sect. They are going to hold a Dao Conference and hope that we will participate.”
“A Dao Conference?” Hong Yuye fell silent. “Do they specify the levels of disciples to bring?”
“It’s probably Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, and Primordial Spirit Realm. Four disciples from each realm,” Baizhi said.
‘Up to the Primordial Spirit Realm…’ It showed how considerate the immortal sect was toward other sects. They could still manage to bring those at the higher realms, but they set their limit at that.
“That’s up to you.” Hong Yuye did not want to interfere with the matter. “Is there anything else?”
“Regarding Jiang Hao, there hasn’t been any progress since he entered the
Corpse Realm. The other suspected individuals haven’t made any moves either. The people from the Heavenly Saint Sect are untrustworthy, and they have appeared nearby. We have found their nearest base. As soon as we can, we will wipe them out completely. Their goal seems to be to wait until Jiang Hao leaves the sect. For now, it’s unclear whether it’s for the Heavenly Fragrance Dao Flower or for Yan Hua,” said Baizhi.
Hong Yuye nodded and looked into the distance. “Anything else?”
Baizhi then left.
She needed to start finalizing the list for the Bright Moon Sect.
This was an opportunity to enhance the prestige of the Heavenly Note Sect and must not be missed.
In the Corpse Realm, Jiang Hao searched through the storage treasures of the two people he had killed.
He found some Primordial Spirit Pills in a bottle. Each bottle was worth about five or six hundred spirit stones.
There were a total of three bottles in Ye Luo’s storage treasure.
‘I’ve never seen someone at the Primordial Spirit Realm so poor.’
Someone in the late or peak stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm shouldn’t be this poor. Most likely, she had exchanged everything for pills and then found a chance to break through.
When advancing, any spirit stones or treasures were indeed useless. Pills came in handy.
Jiang Hao was the same. He kept certain useful things and sold everything else. What remained were things that were difficult to sell, such as the spirit herbs and treasures for refining pills.
‘I can sell them here or offer them at a lower price to Gu Wen and the others.’
Jiang Hao found two more treasures in Ye Luo’s storage: a good-quality spirit sword, and a Primordial Spirit Realm treasure that looked like a stone seal.
‘It looks powerful.’
Jiang Hao tested it out and stifled a small hill nearby.
‘It’s a good thing I didn’t give them a chance. Otherwise, it would have been troublesome.’
He was most afraid of encountering people who could ambush him. Fortunately, as a late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, they often lowered their guard around him. That was the benefit of concealing his cultivation realm.
However, if he didn’t conceal his cultivation realm, they wouldn’t dare to approach this area in the first place.
Jiang Hao didn’t know what the price of a Primordial Spirit Realm treasure would be.
Golden Core Realm treasures were usually sold at thousands of spirit stones.
‘It won’t be too much to ask for twenty thousand spirit stones for a Primordial Spirit Realm treasure… But who can afford twenty thousand? Not many people can afford to pay even ten thousand spirit stones. Maybe I can sell it to Gu Wen and the others.’
Jiang Hao turned to look at the mine.
He didn’t know if they could come out. It was easy to get trapped inside. However, they were decisive individuals. They might turn out to be okay. They had managed to run from Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators in a split second, after all.
He found a book in the storage treasure.
It was titled “Sky Feather Heart Sutra.” It was the cultivation technique of the Heavenly Feather Sect.
Jiang Hao flipped through the book. The Sky Feather Heart Sutra Technique was divided into two parts: one for regular cultivation and the other for the Sky Feather Spiritual Technique.
The spiritual technique had a transcendent trait. When cultivated to a certain level, the spiritual technique could be used to break through a bottleneck. For example, someone with a natural talent that could only cultivate to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm could break through to the Golden Core Realm after using the spiritual technique just once.
“It seems that the heavenly Feather Sect is not so simple. This spiritual technique is quite extraordinary.”
This book had a certain value, so Jiang Hao decided to keep it.
After organizing everything, he estimated the prices for his gains.
‘A Golden Core Realm spirit sword will sell for about eight to nine thousand spirit stones. A Primordial Spirit Realm stone seal could sell for twenty thousand. Three bottles of Primordial Spirit Realm Pills might fetch me about one thousand five hundred spirit stones. These other items could make up to one thousand spirit stones. Hm… that would be almost 31,000 spirit stones in total. If I sell them for a 50% discount, it will still be about fifteen thousand. If I add three thousand spirit stones to it… it’ll be around eighteen thousand.’ Jiang Hao thought about it and realized that it was not a small amount.
The main problem was that he had to sell them at a discount. Otherwise, he would have a hard time getting rid of them.
Since he couldn’t determine when the mine would reopen, Jiang Hao could only tend to his spirit herbs and collect the white bubbles. The next day, Jiang Hao saw a blue bubble appear.
[Cultivation +1]
It was an unexpected surprise.
He checked the spiritual herbs and found that they were just ordinary herbs.
He waited another day, but the mine still didn’t open.
The rooster didn’t crow at all.
During this time, he felt that people were watching him, but the formation of the Primordial Spirit Realm deterred them.
On the third day, the rooster finally crowed.
Jiang Hao went to the entrance of the mine to see if the five people would finally come out.
Inside the mine, Gu Wen and the others fled in panic.
Many monsters chased after them, and they used up all their treasures and pills. If it continued like this, they wouldn’t be able to survive for long.
Zhuge Zheng’s sword was broken. Gu Wen’s brush was broken too. Ding Yu’s shield had shattered, and Xia Dong’s magic robe faded.
Only Murong Qingqing was in better condition as she was protected by everyone.
“We found it!” Murong Qingqing exclaimed. “The exit is here. Hurry!”
This gave the others hope. They could finally leave this dreadful place!
However, Gu Wen still had some worries. “Could this be the same mine we entered before?”
“I don’t know, but it’s safe,” Murong Qingqing said. The five of them let out a sigh of relief. This was good news.
Soon, they saw the light.
“Do you think Jiang Hao is alright?” asked Xia Dong.
They had been helpless when they faced such strong opponents. They didn’t know how to feel since Jiang Hao had been outside all alone to face the enemies.
Gu Wen frowned. He had seen the Light and Dust Technique being used. For someone only in the late stage of Foundation Establishment Realm to be able to use such a technique…
He knew that Jiang Hao wasn’t someone ordinary.
However, even if he was extraordinary, it would be almost impossible to survive when faced with two formidable enemies.
They sighed sadly, thinking about Jiang Hao’s fate. Sudden;y, they heard a voice from the entrance of the cave.
“It seems like everyone is fine.”
The five people were stunned. That was Jiang Hao’s voice..