Chapter 321: Foundation Establishment Realm Cultivator Of The Heavenly Note Sect
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Everyone was startled to hear Jiang Hao’s voice.
Rationally, a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator couldn’t survive after facing two seniors in Primordial Spirit Realm. The most likely possibility for their survival was that the opponents decided to spare them to exploit them further. Maybe they made a deal with Jiang Hao to make him mine in exchange for spirit stones. Once he was no longer useful, they would get rid of him.
Everyone sighed wearily. Could they really not escape this miserable fate?
When the five people came out of the mine, they saw Jiang Hao standing at the entrance. His hands were dirty. He must have been tending to the spirit herbs. Gu Wen looked around for the two seniors from before. He frowned. “Where are they? Why aren’t they here?”
“What are you looking for?” Jiang Hao asked. He felt relieved to see them all safe.
If their group reduced in numbers, it would be hard to sell the ores and spirit herbs.
“The two seniors from before. Where are they?” asked Gu Wen. “Did they leave?” They might still have a chance to escape before the seniors came back for them.
“They left,” Jiang Hao said.
“Left?” Everyone was shocked. It didn’t make sense that they left just like that.
“Yes, they left.” Jiang Hao nodded.
He looked at Zhuge Zheng’s broken sword. “It seems that Disciple Zhuge’s spirit sword is broken.”
“Yes.” Zhuge Zheng looked regretfully at the broken sword. It was his last treasure.
Jiang Hao conjured up a spirit sword. “Is this sword suitable for you?” Zhuge Zheng took the sword and tested it. He then nodded. “It’s decent.”
“This is a Golden Core Realm spirit sword. It should be worth around eight to nine spirit stones outside. I can give it to you for a lower price Around 6,500…”
Zhuge Zheng was surprised for a moment, but 6,500 spirit stones for a sword like this was indeed reasonable. The quality of this spirit sword was decent, and its market price would probably be around twelve thousand.
Zhuge Zheng hesitated.
Jiang Hao kindly asked. ‘What do you think, Disciple Zhuge?”
“I only have around 5,700 spirit stones on me right now,” Zhuge Zheng said awkwardly. Among them, he was probably the poorest.
He had left early and bought pills with the spirit stones he had to advance. He had only earned a few thousand spirit stones recently. It was clearly not enough.
Jiang Hao thought for a moment before nodding. “That will do.”
“Then, Friend Jiang, you can take the jade pendant to our sect in the future and exchange it for two thousand spirit stones,” said Zhuge Zheng.
Jiang Hao received 5,763 spirit stones.
The others found it strange that he, a late-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator, was selling a Golden Core Realm treasure.
Jiang Hao looked at Gu Wen.
Gu Wen knew that Jiang Hao was after his spirit stones. “My treasure is broken, but I still have a…”
Before he could finish his sentence, Jiang Hao conjured up a Primordial Spirit Realm stone seal.
“This is a Primordial Spirit Realm treasure. It can be used by a Golden Core Realm cultivator. I’m willing to sell it for ten thousand,” said Jiang Hao.
Gu Wen was different from the others. He hadn’t left until the last moment. He was probably the richest among them, besides Jiang Hao. He accepted the stone seal and handed Jiang Hao ten thousand spirit stones.
“Disciple Jiang, you are truly considerate. You knew that I needed a magic treasure.”
It wasn’t just about how much profit. The treasure suited Gu Wen. When they heard that the stone seal was a Primordial Spirit Realm treasure, they were stunned.
Soon, they figured out what had likely happened to the two powerful seniors.
from earlier. Jiang Hao had probably killed them.
Did he have someone backing him up, or did he possess a powerful treasure himself?
They regretted their decision. If they had known earlier, they wouldn’t have entered the mine. They could have found out further about Jiang Hao. However, that was just a passing thought. Some things were best left unknown.
“Do you have any magic robes?” Xia Dong asked.
“And do you have any shields or spiritual-type treasures?” Ding Yu asked.
“I am in need of a compass,” Murong Qingqing said.
Jiang Hao shook his head. He wasn’t a seller of treasures. “Not at the moment.” They were stunned.
Jiang Hao sold the Primordial Spirit Pills and other items he had obtained from the cultivators of the Heavenly Feather Sect. He sold everything that could be sold at a low price. Anything he couldn’t sell was worthless.
Furthermore, these people weren’t fools. They could guess where these things came from. Buying them meant they were also taking risks. So, selling them at a lower price was reasonable.
In the end, Jiang Hao made a profit of 19,000 spirit stones. Adding the initial 33,000, he now had a total of 52,000 spirit stones. This was the most money Jiang Hao had ever seen in his life.
“Oh, by the way,” Gu Wen suddenly said, “There’s news about Red Azure tea that you told me to ask about.”
“Really?” Jiang Hao felt that 10,000 spirit stones were about to disappear.
“Yes, but the person said he doesn’t have Red Azure tea. However, he has a way to get September Spring tea. I wonder if that would work?” Gu Wen asked.
‘September Spring tea?’ Jiang Hao was stunned. He remembered that Hong
Yuye had mentioned two types of tea leaves: Red Azure tea and September
Spring tea. The Red Azure tea cost around ten thousand spirit stones and the September Spring tea cost around twenty thousand. So even with the profit he just made, it wouldn’t be enough to buy it.
“No.” Jiang Hao declined and asked him to see if he found anyone with Red Azure tea.
After that, he headed back into the mine with the rooster.
Gu Wen and the others looked at Jiang Hao disappearing into the cave and couldn’t believe it. It seemed like they had truly escaped a disaster.
“Good thing I’m an honest person.” Gu Wen laughed.
If he had tried to deceive Jiang Hao…
He looked at the treasure in his hand.
“Do you think he has someone backing him up, or does he possess something extraordinary?” Ding Yu asked.
“Or maybe he is hiding his cultivation,” Xia Dong said.
The group didn’t think about it much. They decided that the less they knew about it, the better.
“An Enlightenment Spring has appeared.”
Lan Qian was intrigued.
“An Enlightenment Spring? Does such a thing exist in the Corpse Realm as well?” Yun Qi was curious.
“Yes, and it appeared in the Blood Tide Forest. It’s really strange for such a thing to appear in the Foundation Establishment region,” said Lan Qian.
“Indeed. The Enlightenment Spring is formed when things gather and resonate with the heavens and the earth, and it comes together as a spring. This means either there’s a powerful individual in the Blood Tide Forest or some special existence has been trapped there,” Yun Qi said.
“In that case, the changes in the Human Yuan Formation from before might have originated from the Blood Tide Forest,” said Lan Qian.
“Blood Tide Forest?” Yun Qi hesitated for a moment and then smiled. “Shall we
go and take a look?”
“We can, but the fifth appearance of the Heavenly Stele Mountain is likely to be in the Soul Ascension region next time. It will be too dangerous to go there,” said Lan Qian.
“I think we should keep a low profile when going to the Blood Tide Forest. What do you think, Senior Sister?” Yun Qi asked.
Lan Qian nodded. “Alright, let’s suppress our cultivation of the Golden Core Realm. But first, we need to go to the Golden Core region. The fifth appearance of Heavenly Stele Mountain might happen there. Once we comprehend again, we can go to the Blood Tide Forest and find the Enlightenment Spring. However, it won’t be easy in the Foundation Establishment region. There is a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator from Heavenly Note Sect there? We can inquire about his situation and decide if we want to offer our protection.”
“You truly are a compassionate person, Senior Sister Lan. However, the Heavenly Note Sect has killed many of our sect members,” Yun Qi said.
Lan Qian glanced at Yun Qi..