Chapter 322: I’ll Accept This
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The appearance of the Enlightenment Spring attracted many people to the Blood Tide Forest, from early-stage Golden Core Realm cultivators to mid and late-stage Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators.
Among them, there were quite a few in the early-stage Primordial Spirit Realm. Many had advanced after entering and obtaining opportunities within five or six months.
Dongfang Ji stood in the Blood Tide Forest and waited after acquiring most of the things he needed. At that moment, he saw a woman dressed in the attire of the Heavenly Feather Sect in the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm.
“Excuse me, please wait a moment,” said Dongfang Ji as he landed in front of her. “I’d like to ask you some questions if you don’t mind.” Liu Li frowned and looked at the man warily. “Is something the matter?”
“I want to ask about a few people from your sect,” he said.
“Who are they?” Liu Li asked.
She couldn’t see through the man’s cultivation realm at all.
“I want to know where Ye Luo and MO Tian are at the moment,” Dongfang Ji asked.
Liu Li was astonished.
“You don’t want to tell me?” Dongfanf Ji’s face darkened. He released his aura of the Soul Ascension Realm. Liu Li was terrified.
“No! It’s not that I don’t want to tell you… It’s just that they are already dead.” “Dead? Can you tell me what happened?” Dongfang Ji was surprised.
“Yes, they are dead,” Liu Li said. “Senior Sister Ye Luo and Senior Brother MO Tian had a different status in the sect from others, so they carried certain items on them. If something happened, we would detect their location. However, the moment the treasure sent a warning, they were killed. They died right here in the Blood Tide Forest, so I came to investigate.”
Dongfang Ji’s face darkened. “It seems they were discovered. In that case, I can’t spare you either. If you want to blame someone, blame it on the fact that you are from the Heavenly Feather Sect.”
Liu Li was shocked. She immediately activated her protective treasures. “You!”
“What about me?” Dongfang Ji’s aura erupted, and his power crushed her defenses. “One day, the entire Heavenly Feather Sect will die at the hands of
The End of All Things.”
Boom!
The power crushed Liu Li’s arm. At that critical moment, she escaped into a spatial vortex and disappeared on the spot.
Dongfang Ji watched her disappear and then looked at the Blood Tide Forest.
“Although I’m a bit overestimating my abilities, I’ll accept this.”
Just as he was about to leave, he suddenly sensed a familiar presence. He waited in place for a moment.
After a short while, Mu Qi approached from afar.
He was startled at first, but then regained his composure and appeared in front of Dongfang Ji.
“Senior Brother Dongfang, you are here too?”
Dongfang Ji looked at Mu Qi and noticed signs of a breakthrough. “Junior
Brother Mu, are you here for the Enlightenment Spring too?”
“Yes.” Mu Qi nodded. “I’m just short of a little bit. After that, I’ll wait for some time. If I’m lucky, I’ll break through to the Primordial Spirit Realm in the next few years.”
“Your talent is truly extraordinary, ” Dongfang Ji smiled. “Be careful once you enter. There are formidable existences in the Blood Tide Forest.”
“Formidable existences?” Mu Qi was surprised, but he didn’t ask further. He needed to be cautious.
“By the way, Jiang Junior Brother Jiang is also in the Blood Tide Forest. Have you seen him?” Mu Qi asked.
Dongfang Ji shook his head. “I’ve never met him before. But I heard that he’s with that powerful cultivator and helping him mine. He should be safe. Besides, I heard from the Cliff Master that he has protective treasures, so as long as he’s careful, ordinary Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators can’t do anything to him.”
Xue Yue was killed when she went to find Jiang Hao. Dongfang Ji assumed that the powerful cultivator might have done it. That person hadn’t attacked anyone else, so he might not be a very aggressive person. Moreover, Jiang Hao and the group were selling ores and spirit herbs, which meant that the powerful cultivator had other goals.
Mu Qi found it strange that Jiang Hao was mining. How could he be mining again after what happened in the mine before? He found it strange.
‘Does Junior Brother Jiang have a connection with mining?’
“Go ahead. I’ll be around here. If anything happens, use secret communication to inform me,” Dongfang Ji said.
“Thank you, Senior Brother.” Mu Qi was glad. Having a senior at the Soul Ascension Realm nearby made him feel safe. Many cultivators in the Primordial Spirit Realm had gathered in this place, after all.
In the mine, Jiang Hao continued to dig for ore. After more than half a month of mining, he sensed another summoning.
This time, he could directly go there if he responded. It was the fourth time.
Heavenly Stele Mountain had appeared in this place four times already. It was likely to make two more appearances, then it wouldn’t appear again anymore.
According to Zhuang Yuzhen, Heavenly Stele Mountain would appear six to eight times a year. If they missed the sixth appearance, they would probably miss the opportunity altogether. Therefore, many people wanted to find it.
The main issue was that the distance between the regions like Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Primordial Spirit, and Soul Ascension was extremely far. In many cases, it took a month just to catch up.
Ignoring the summons, Jiang Hao continued to mine, and soon another blue bubble appeared.
[Lifeblood +1]
Sure enough, mining was still useful.
However, not long after, the rooster crowed. He picked it up and left.
He had heard from Gu Wen and the others that the mine was filled with spirit beasts. They had heard that these beasts were dangerous, so they had remained hidden when they were inside.
They were chased by the beasts anyway before they finally found their escape.
However, one thing they could be sure of was that the mine was connected to other places.
Jiang Hao realized that people from the other mines would probably come to this place if they could. In any case, he had to be more cautious.
Jiang Hao was much more careful than before when he went into the mine. Ding Yu had helped him set up some trigger formations. If someone approached the mine, the formations would be triggered, and it would let him know that there was someone nearby.
Jiang Hao had checked these formations, and they were indeed perception formations. However, he didn’t know how to set them up.
Jiang Hao only now realized that many people had arrived in the Foundation Establishment region recently. Many Golden Core Realm cultivators and quite a few Primordial Spirit Realm cultivators were gathered around the Enlightenment Spring.
This made him feel anxious. With so many people around, there must be people from his sect and from the Divine Corpse Sect arriving too. He wasn’t afraid of being known for mining in the cave, but he was afraid they would realize he had many spirit stones.
The others were worried about the same.
“This is bad. One of my senior brothers, whom I don’t get along well with, has arrived. He knows I’m selling ores. He asked if I earned a lot of spirit stones,” said Ding Yu.
“What did you tell him?” Gu Wen asked.
He also seemed troubled because of the matter with the Enlightenment Spring. Some seniors might target them here.
“I told him I was working for Senior Shang An and that I gained some insights from him because of the tasks he assigned to me. I told him that was how I advanced to the Golden Core Realm,” Ding Yu said.
“Then everything is okay?” Murong Qingqing asked.
“No, he said I should ask Senior Shang An some cultivation questions for him. He asked about the Great Thousand God Sect.” Ding Yu sighed.
He knew nothing about the Great Thousand God Sect, so he couldn’t even make up an answer..