Chapter 323: Should I Go To Heavenly Stele Mountain?
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
They felt helpless when they heard about Ding Yu’s problem.
Their sects were okay. The people from their sects never resorted to violence even if they disliked someone. If they faced something like that, they would be trying to leave the Corpse Realm as soon as possible.
It was different for Jiang Hao. In his sect, people would readily resort to violence. Within the sect, everyone was safe, but outside, it was the survival of the fittest. The rules were strict inside the Heavenly Note Sect, but once you left the sect, no one cared.
Jiang Hao felt that many people disliked the strict rules within the Heavenly Note Sect, but many others probably liked it because they didn’t have to worry about being killed inside the sect.
When Ding Yu mentioned the Great Thousand God Sect, Jiang Hao was curious. ‘What’s the question?”
He had come into contact with the Great Thousand God Sect and knew a bit about it. He had also overheard some discussions about cultivation issues.
“It’s about spiritual techniques,” Ding Yu said truthfully. “He said he has a friend who wants to cultivate the Great Thousand Mental Energy Technique and wants to know if it’s possible.”
“Great Thousand Mental Energy Technique?” Jiang Hao was pleased. He happened to know the answer to the question. “Does he want to cultivate the Great Thousand Divine Avatar?”
The others were surprised.
“I didn’t ask about that.” Ding Yu shook his head.
“If he wants to cultivate the Great Thousand Divine Avatar, he must have the Grand Thousand God Sect’s cultivation method. Otherwise, I advise his friend not to attempt it. If you do it wrong, you’ll die,” Jiang Hao said calmly. Everyone was surprised. They had no knowledge about something like that.
Jiang Hao didn’t mind telling them about such matters. He had asked Hong Yuye about it, and she had also explained some things to him.
When Jiang Hao explained it, everyone was stunned. Sometimes there were people in the world with a lower cultivation realm but held higher knowledge about it than others.
“I’ll go find my senior later,” Ding Yu said. “Thank you.”
Jiang Hao nodded. If it weren’t for Gui being here, he would have used the stone tablet to answer their questions. After all, these people were extraordinary in their cultivation and knowledge. Unfortunately, the conditions didn’t allow it.
Jiang Hao thought of using Shang An as an excuse but didn’t know if that would work.
After exchanging some spirit stones, Jiang Hao continued to take care of the spirit herbs. Since many people were concentrating on the Enlightenment Spring, it was much easier to find spirit herbs here.
However, they were too wealthy, and the danger of being discovered was too high. As more and more people came for the Enlightenment Spring, their situation became increasingly dangerous.
The six of them had over a hundred thousand spirit stones combined. If others found out about that, cultivators in Primordial Spirit Realm and even Soul Ascension Realm would rush to kill them.
They also had many treasures with them. Their situation was risky.
Ding Yu went to the forest. There was a Primordial Spirit Realm cultivator in front of him. He was leaning against a tree.
“Senior Brother Che,” Ding Yu greeted respectfully.
“Did you ask your senior for me?” Senior Brother Che smiled.
“I did. I had to pay a price to ask your question, Senior,” said Ding Yu.
“Is that so?” Senior Brother Che stared at him.
He didn’t believe that his junior was selling ores just to serve someone named
Shang An. So, he made Ding Yu ask about something. He already knew that the Great Thousand Mental Energy technique couldn’t be used. He didn’t know the reason for it. However, it was enough to make his junior admit that someone named Shang An didn’t exist, and he had earned many spirit stones because of which he had lied.
“Senior Shang An wanted to know if your friend was aiming to cultivate the Great Thousand Divine Avatar,” said Ding Yu.
“If he does?”
“Well, he shouldn’t attempt it unless he has the Great Thousand God Sect’s cultivation technique. If he tried it, he might die. That’s what he said,” said Ding Yu.
Senior Brother Che was shocked. He fell silent and seemed to be thinking about something.
“Thank you for the information, Junior Brother. I’ll tell my friend about it. I’ll also help spread the news about the formidable senior here. It might make your life a little easier too,” said Senior Brother Che.
“Thank you, Senior Brother Che,” said Ding Yu gratefully.
It would definitely make their lives easier if people were keeping an eye on them.
The rumors spread quickly. Everyone now knew that there was an expert in this region named Shang An. They also figured out that the previous commotion was because of him, and that the appearance of the Enlightenment Spring was because of him. Shang An’s name made everyone fearful.
This brought a moment of peace for Gu Wen and the others.
In early August, Jiang Hao had been in the Corpse Realm for over half a year. The new summons came again. It meant that the heavenly Stele Mountain was about to disappear from its previous location or had already vanished. The next location had been determined.
Jiang Hao ignored it. He calculated his earnings for this month. Gu Wen and the others had sold quite a few ores, and he had received five thousand spirit stones as his share. He now had a total of fifty-seven thousand spirit stones.
With such a huge sum of money, he considered his expenses. Twenty-four thousand for the rabbit, twenty thousand for the peach tree, and ten thousand for the Azure Red tea. That added up to fifty-four thousand, leaving him with three thousand.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
The huge sum of money would disappear in an instant, but he was surprisingly happy to know that he would have three thousand spirit stones remaining.
Many people had indeed come to the Blood Tide Forest, and the fluctuations of spiritual energy were much stronger than before. Fortunately, no familiar faces appeared, which made Jiang Hao feel much safer.
Half a year had passed, and there were not many people nearby with spirit stones.
If things didn’t work out, they could keep the ores and wait for another opportunity in the future.
Another month passed. While Jiang Hao was tending to the spirit herbs, he felt the strong fluctuations of spiritual energy around him. It was very likely that a Soul Ascension Realm expert had arrived. Due to the large gathering of people, and the fact that they were not far from the Enlightenment Spring, Jiang Hao could sense some things with the help of knowledge he had gained from the nameless manual.
However, they hadn’t sold many ores this month, and their earnings were only two thousand spirit stones each.
“I think we should leave.” Gu Wen looked at everyone.
“I don’t have a problem with it. My brother is nearby. I can go find him,” said Zhuge Zheng.
“I have a bit of a problem, but I can handle it.” Ding Yu smiled.
“I secretly wanted to earn more spirit stones, but it seems that will be difficult now.” Murong Qingqing sighed.
“I don’t have a problem with it,” Xia Dong said.
They looked at Jiang Hao.
“Don’t look at me… I just want to continue mining.”
However, if he wanted to continue mining, he needed to find a stronger partner. He suddenly felt another summoning.
Heavenly Stele Mountain had appeared for the fifth time.
Jiang Hao hesitated. He could no longer continue mining here. Even if he was in the Primordial Spirit Realm, continuing to mine here would lead to trouble. It was getting dangerous.
However, if he didn’t mine or ores, it would lead to a loss. He needed to get more bubbles. Maybe going to Heavenly Stele Mountain was the better alternative if he wanted to continue mining.
Besides, with many people rushing to the Foundation establishment region, Heavenly Stele Mountain would be considerably safer.
‘Should I respond to the summons?’
Once he did, he could leave this dilemma behind. He could even show some of his cultivation and then hide and mine for ores.
It did seem like a good choice..