Chapter 324: The Demoness Is Here Again
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Feeling the summons again, Jiang Hao began to weigh the gains and losses.
Leaving from here wouldn’t have much impact. He could just distribute the items and then inform the others of his departure.
The only thing to be concerned about was the response he might receive.
‘According to Gui, I might be an extraordinary genius. There was already a noticeable reaction even before I reached there. Once I go, there’s a high probability of an even greater impact.’
Jiang Hao thought about it. If the impact was significant, it meant that he would attract attention from others. It would probably be difficult to avoid others.
In the end, he thought it would be safer to stay here. He needed to continue mining.
If he wanted to mine now, he needed to show others that allying with him was beneficial.
Jiang Hao thought of something and asked, “Are there other mines nearby in the Golden Core region around the Blood Tide Forest?”
Everyone understood. It was true that they couldn’t continue mining in the Blood Tide Forest, since many people were gathered here because of the Enlightenment Spring.
However, they could find some other place far away from the Enlightenment Spring and continue their arrangement, especially since five of them were at the Golden Core Realm already.
But the problem was, there were no other mines.
“We haven’t found any information about other mines, but we might be able to ask around,” said Gu Wen.
“What if we don’t find any?” Zhuge Zheng asked.
“Then we can only consider leaving like Senior Shang An and search for opportunities on our own.”
Jiang Hao thought about it. It was indeed the best option.
Even if he continued mining, the risk would be greater.
The best course of action was to leave this place and go to other locations for mining. But before leaving, he needed to make sure if anyone here had the Red
Azure tea.
However, he still didn’t have any information about it. The person who had the September Spring was still around, but it seemed that he had left the Enlightenment Spring area and was planning to find Heavenly Stele Mountain.
“You probably should make a decision soon,” Gu Wen said.
Jiang Hao was once again faced with a dilemma.
“What’s the price?” Jiang Hao asked. “21,000 spirit stones,” Gu Wen said.
Jiang Hao felt dissatisfied.
After hesitating for a moment, he said, “I can afford 18,000. Ask him if he’s willing to sell it at that price. If not, forget it.”
“Alright.” Gu Wen nodded. “I’ll check the quality of the tea when the time comes. If there’s an issue, then I’ll tell him to forget about it.”
Jiang Hao thanked him. Gu Wen had helped him a lot, even though he saw Jiang Hao at only the Foundation establishment Realm, and he was at the Golden Core Realm.
Jiang Hao preferred to cooperate with people from the immortal sects than demonic sects because disciples from immortal sects were more reliable.
With the matter settled, they began talking among themselves.
“With so many people gathered in the Blood Tide Fores, do you think it will attract Heavenly Stele Mountain?” asked Murong Qingqing.
“Not very likely.” Ding Yu shook his head. “1 heard that Heavenly Stele Mountain is actually quite close to our current location. Otherwise, why would people be going there? Besides, compared to the entire Corpse Realm, the
Blood Tide Forest is nothing. Also, that extraordinary disciple is nowhere to be seen.
“I heard something else. It is said that Heavenly Stele Mountain has been sending summons for someone. Everyone claims there is an extraordinary genius here, but they haven’t gone to Heavenly Stele Mountain. I wonder why,” said Gu Wen.
Everyone speculated about where Heavenly Stele Mountain might appear next.
They came here for opportunities. They had no intention of heading to
Heavenly Stele Mountain. It was extremely difficult to reach Heavenly Stele Mountain at the Foundation Establishment Realm, even more so when advancing to the early Golden Core Realm.
Unless it appeared in the Blood Tide Forest, not many people would go seeking it.
Jiang Hao listened quietly. He had no greed for Heavenly Stele Mountain. It would be safer for him not to go there.
For him, the real concern was to find a place to mine.
Three days later, Gu Wen handed a delicate box to Jiang Hao.
“I saw that the person was interested, so I lowered the price by another five hundred. The selling price is now 17,500 spirit stones. The quality is great. I checked it out.’
He took the box and opened it to take a look.
Inside, he saw green tea leaves, which were significantly different from the
Azure Red tea.
There was no fragrance, but there was a flow of spiritual energy on it.
Jiang Hao discovered that the spiritual energy in the tea leaves was hidden within the veins of the leaves, and it was not fixed but flowed like a living spring.
The contained spiritual energy was enormous.
“This is good tea.”
Looking at the tea leaves, Jiang Hao had a feeling that he didn’t even need any
Heavenlv Reiuvenation Pills to advance to the Golden Core Realm. lust a siD of
this tea would be enough to advance. But it had to be brewed properly.
This was a tea worth 20,000 spirit stones. He felt reluctant to have Hong Yuye drink it like ordinary tea.
However, since he had already bought it, he suddenly wanted to taste it.
Jiang Hao decided to keep the tea for now and not inform Hong Yuye just yet. Perhaps later, he could acquire the Red Azure tea, and sell the September Spring tea for 20,000 spirit stones.
He gave Gu Wen 17,500 spirit stones. He was left with 39,000 spirit stones.
He was suddenly poorer than before.
During these few days, they had stopped selling the ores and were just observing the situation.
Currently, they were asking around to find out if there were other mines around.
They found out there was one in the Primordial Spirit region.
They couldn’t dare to go there.
Seven more days passed, and Jiang Hao thought about what to do.
‘The number of people is increasing. I should leave soon. Even if I stay and offer benefits to others, it will be dangerous. More people meant more danger.
Leaving as soon as possible was the best choice.’
With his decision made, Jiang Hao stopped thinking too much about it.
In the afternoon, the rooster crowed, and Jiang Hao walked out of the mine.
The other five were also outside. They were having a difficult time. After coming out of the mine, Jiang Hao stored the ores in the warehouse.
“I’m planning to leave,” he said to everyone.
“Where are you going?” Gu Wen wasn’t surprised.
The surrounding area was becoming more crowded, and powerful experts kept appearing.
Currently, they were all concerned with the Enlightenment Spring. Once they were done with that, who knew what would happen? Disbanding from this group was inevitable.
“I don’t know.” Jiang Hao shook his head.
Then they discussed dividing the resources. Jiang Hao told them that he didn’t need the ores, but he would appreciate a few spirit herbs to take along.
The others were happy with this arrangement because it was difficult for them to tend to the spirit herbs, and the cost-benefit ratio was not high.
As for the ores, they would have more opportunities to sell them later.
In a few years, when they found an opportunity, they could sell some of the ore for spirit stones. They could even sell it all at once when it was time to leave.
After the five divided the ores, they bid farewell to Jiang Hao.
“Friend Jiang, I hope we meet again soon, ” said Gu Wen.
Jiang Hao nodded. “See you around.”
After leaving the Corpse Realm, they would probably never meet again.
Most of these people came from the western and northern regions.
Those places were too far away, and Jiang Hao wouldn’t be able to go there.
With his current situation, it was safer to stay in the Heavenly Note Sect.
They had already agreed on it before. Once Shang An left, they would be free to go their own way.
Each of them would find a trusted sect to seek refuge in.
Jiang Hao was different. He needed to escape alone.
But before he left, he had one final task with the spirit herbs.
After cutting off the Spirit Field, Jiang Hao used his Universe in a Palm technique to seal the entire field. Then he covered it with soil. “You’re not mining anymore?” asked a pleasant voice from behind him.
Jiang Hao was surprised. ‘Hong Yuye?’
He could never forget her voice.. ‘But why was she here so soon?’