Chapter 325: The Appearance Of Heavenly Stele Mountain
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
As he turned around, Jiang Hao found Hong Yuye standing right behind him.
“Have you gathered enough spirit stones for buying the tea?” she asked.
She waited for his answer.
“Not yet, but there’s still time,” Jiang Hao said.
“Are you going to buy the Red Azure tea?” Hong Yuye asked with a faint smile on her lips.
Jiang Hao hesitated for a moment. “I will buy the tea that satisfies you, Senior.”
Hong Yuye didn’t say anything else. She looked into the distance. ‘What is Heavenly Stele Mountain like?”
“I don’t know.” Jiang Hao shook his head. He had never been to Heavenly Stele
Mountain.
“In that case, let’s go and see,” Hong Yuye said calmly.
Jiang Hao agreed.
With Hong Yuye by his side, he didn’t need to worry about anything.
Even if Gui saw him, she wouldn’t be able to recognize him.
“When should we set off, Senior?” Jiang Hao asked.
Hong Yuye looked at him. “Set off?”
Jiang Hao couldn’t fathom what the woman in front of him was thinking. Her gaze carried absolute confidence.
In his confusion, he suddenly felt the presence of Hong Yuye’s aura.
It was different from before, but at the moment, he couldn’t put it into words. It seemed that she didn’t prevent herself from being sensed by others during this time.
As Hong Yuye’s aura emerged, Jiang Hao once again felt the summoning.
But this time, he could clearly sense that the summoning was not only for him but also for Hong Yuye.
They stood together.
If one of them responded, they would both be transported together.
There might even be a protective force to keep them safe during the process.
Jiang Hao didn’t dare to respond. Hong Yuye also stood quietly by his side.
Not long after Gu Wen and the others left, they decided to go their separate ways.
They each wanted to find their own sect or leave this place and seek refuge in the Golden Core region.
However, just as they were about to part ways, the sky changed.
“Look at the sky,” Ding Yu said.
They all looked up at the sky and saw a swirling vortex.
It seemed like a summoning. It was intense.
“What’s going on?”
Although they had decent cultivation, their knowledge about these things was limited. They had never seen anything like this before.
Mu Qi, who was still in the Enlightenment Spring, looked up at the sky in amazement.
It was his first time here, and he had no idea if this was normal.
At this moment, a powerful expert from the Divine Corpse Sect stood up and looked at the sky in horror.
Heavenly Stele Mountain sending such a summoning was unprecedented.
He had been thinking about causing some commotion here. However, if the extraordinarv genius was in this place, he couldn’t afford to offend them.
In an instant, all his plans were shattered.
He didn’t dare to do anything.
Jiang Hao was also stunned. The commotion caused was simply too big. This was not how he did things usually.
If it weren’t for Hong Yuye, he would have left this place.
At Clear Dust Lake in the Corpse Realm, Yun Qi and Lan Qian were exploring the Heavenly Stele Mountain in the Golden Core region.
This time, they wanted to check out the Thirty-Six heavenly Stars and understand more things.
“Senior Sister, they say that all opportunities come from heavenly Stele Mountain. How is it that I haven’t gained anything at all? I’ve come up here three or four times already,” Yun Qi said helplessly.
“If you haven’t gained any opportunities, shouldn’t you ask yourself what you were doing during those times?” Lan Qian asked.
“Haha.” Yun Qi looked embarrassed. “I just wanted to see if I could find something from the sixth stone tablet.”
“It’s your fifth time. The Heavenly Stele Mountain might not appear anymore. Moreover, it’s already mid-September, and there’s not much time left. We don’t have much time, ” Lan Qian said.
“Alright, this time I’ll get close to Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars,” Yun Qi said.
At this moment, they arrived in front of a stone tablet.
“Hasn’t that extraordinary genius visited this place yet?” asked Yun Qi in surprise as he saw the stone tablet emitting a faint light like before. Was the extraordinary genius uninterested in heavenly Stele Mountain at all?
Although he hasn’t gained anything, every time he came up the mountain, he could feel the spiritual energy helping him.
Even if he did nothing except wander around the mountain, he could feel his body and spiritual energy changing.
The stone tablet in front of them suddenly emitted a bright light.
The summoning seemed to increase in intensity. A vortex appeared in the sky.
It was as if the mountain was welcoming the arrival of the genius.
“What’s happening?” asked Lan Qian in confusion.
Yun Qi looked excited. “Heavenly Stele Mountain is determined to win this time.”
However, nothing happened after a while. The person must have ignored it again. The light started to fade.
Yun Qi felt a bit disappointed. He had wanted to see the extraordinary genius.
A beam of light shot up from Heavenly Stele Mountain suddenly. Then came the second beam, the third, and the fourth.
At this moment, Yun Qi and the others realized that the stone tablet in front of them also emitted a beam of light.
They understood that each beam of light represented one stone tablet. A hundred and eight beams of light shot into the sky and merged with the vortex.
Everyone at Heavenly Stele Mountain realized something. The mountain was about to move!
“How is this possible?” Lan Qian couldn’t believe it.
This meant that the extraordinary genius wasn’t coming to the mountain, but the mountain had decided to go to them.
What kind of genius was worth such attention from Heavenly Stele Mountain?
At the same time, those who were heading toward Heavenly Stele Mountain saw the beams of light shooting into the sky.
Qing You had wanted to climb up the mountain, but it disappeared. The vortex also disappeared.
Qing You was speechless. ‘What just happened?’
Heavenly Stele Mountain shouldn’t have disappeared so soon. Why did it suddenly vanish?
Everyone was puzzled.
Back in the Blood Tide Forest, people saw beams of light appearing in the vortex.
One after another, the beams of light fell from the sky.
Then, a hundred and eight beams of light gathered.
Heavenly Stele Mountain appeared at the place where the light beams fell.
A majestic mountain suddenly rose in front of the people and caught them off guard.
Gu Wen looked at the mountain before him. His eyes were wide in astonishment. “How is this possible?”
Heavenly Stele Mountain had suddenly appeared here!
It wasn’t just Gu Wen who was astonished. Everyone in the Enlightenment Spring was shocked.
The appearance of Heavenly Stele Mountain was very unexpected.
Lan Qian looked at the foot of the mountain. She knew where they were.
“Blood Tide Forest… How can this be?”
“Is this the Foundation Establishment region?” Yun Qi was also astonished.
The extraordinary genius was at the Foundation Establishment region?!
If that were true, even as a genius, they wouldn’t be anyone remarkable. Their cultivation was too low.
They wondered if the genius’ talent was shocking. Maybe that was why the mountain favored them. Even so, this seemed unexpected and unlikely.
“Be careful,” Lan Qian warned. “Regardless of the genius’ cultivation realm, we must not provoke them. If anyone targets them, they will be suppressed by the mountain. ”
“I don’t think it’s possible for the extraordinary genius to be at the Foundation Establishment Realm. Maybe they are powerful but just chose to stay in this region. Otherwise, how could they have been able to ignore the summons of
Heavenly Stele Mountain?” asked Yun Qi..