Chapter 326: Witnessing Heavenly Stele Mountain
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao looked at the mountain in front of him. He felt nervous.
This mountain contained unimaginable power, and its dazzling aura made it feel vast and majestic. It was a vast expanse, like an infinite starry sky.
“So, this is Heavenly Stele Mountain?”
Jiang Hao finally understood why Heavenly Stele Mountain was the most important place in the Corpse Realm. It was an inherently special existence.
Before, he couldn’t understand how Heavenly Stele Mountain would suppress powerful individuals, but now it seemed that it didn’t need any special means.
The power concealed within it was enough to suppress everything.
Jiang Hao looked at the woman in the red and white gown beside him and couldn’t help but wonder who was stronger: Hong Yuye or the mountain.
It made no difference to Jiang Hao because either of them could crush him without exerting much effort.
Jiang Hao couldn’t help but feel anxious. “Senior, isn’t this a bit much?” Hong Yuye glanced at Jiang Hao. “You’ve been cautious for so many years, but have you never thought about doing something great?”
“People will die because of this,” Jiang Hao muttered softly.
What kind of strength did he have to amaze the world with a single feat? To truly make an astonishing appearance, he would need to mine for a hundred years.
It would be best if it was in the Heavenly Note Sect’s mine.
Hong Yuye didn’t look at Jiang Hao. Instead, she gazed at the mountain in front of her. “This mountain is indeed special. Let’s go and take a look.”
Jiang Hao dared not refuse and could only follow Hong Yuye up the mountain.
However, he was somewhat puzzled about the purpose of Heavenly Stele Mountain’s summoning.
Was it really just for him to comprehend the stone tablets? Or was there something else?
No matter what it was, as long as Hong Yuye was with him, he didn’t need to worry. He would be safe.
When they reached the path of Heavenly Stele Mountain, suddenly all the stone tablets on the mountain emitted a glow, and then the lights started connecting.
The lights started from the first stone tablet and connected upward. In an instant, all one hundred and eight tablets were connected together.
Immediately, the light from the first stone tablet fell in front of Jiang Hao.
It seemed that with just one step, they could reach the first stone tablet without exerting much effort.
Jiang Hao was shocked. This was probably because of Hong Yuye.
How terrifying was Hong Yuye exactly?
On the mountainside, Gu Wen and the others understood.
The extraordinary genius was in the Blood Tide Forest. The genius hadn’t visited Heavenly Stele Mountain, so the mountain had come here.
“How shocking is that genius?” Gu Wen asked.
He himself was also a genius.
Only one Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator from the Astronomical Academy was qualified to enter Heavenly Stele Mountain.
Zhuge Zheng was the same.
Although they were not the most outstanding geniuses in his sect, they were still among the top.
But they had never imagined that there could be someone so extraordinary that Heavenly Stele Mountain would come for them personally.
“I think I know who he is. Truly, there is always someone better than you.” Ding Yu was excited.
Encountering such a genius would broaden their horizons.
Everyone looked at Murong Qingqing.
“Don’t look at me. There is nothing I can do. What if we offend such an extraordinary genius?” Murong Qingqing shook her head.
“Shall we climb the mountain?” Xia Dong asked.
“It’s just that we don’t know if we can,” Gu Wen said.
Now that all the stone tablets were connected, they were uncertain whether they could climb the mountain.
As the light appeared, the people at Heavenly Stele Mountain also retreated.
Lan Qian and Yun Qi stepped back.
They watched the brilliance of the stone tablets in disbelief.
“Seventy-two Earthly Fiends have connected, and even the Thirty-six Heavenly Stars have also been connected. It’s as if the mountain is doing this for the genius,” said Lan Qian.
“What a grand scene!” Yun Qi couldn’t help but exclaim. “We had to think of ways to get close to the Thirty-six Heavenly Stars. But for the extraordinary genius, Heavenly Stele Mountain willingly opens up the path! With so many tablets, will the genius be able to comprehend them all?”
“I don’t know.” Lan Qian shook her head. “But an astonishing figure like the extraordinary genius should be different from others. Perhaps just looking at them once is enough for them.”
On the other side, Mu Qi and the others gave up the Enlightenment Spring to head for Heavenly Stele Mountain.
In front of Heavenly Stele Mountain, the Enlightenment Spring was nothing.
The appearance of Heavenly Stele Mountain was a rare thing, which was why some people chose the Enlightenment Spring instead.
However, the mountain was right in front of them now, and they couldn’t let go of such an opportunity.
Mu Qi watched the brilliance of Heavenly Stele Mountain and saw that the extraordinary genius had already started climbing the mountain.
He was also curious about what would happen now.
Jiang Hao followed Hong Yuye and arrived at the first stone tablet. The characters “Moon in the Well” were written on the stone tablet. Wherever Jiang Hao looked, he could see countless branches of spiritual energy.
It seemed that each comprehension would lead to different results.
Without stopping, Hong Yuye responded to the light, and the two of them arrived at the second stone tablet. This time, Jiang Hao felt a vast aura. The characters on this stone tablet read: Water Sky.
Hong Yuye stepped forward. They arrived at the third stone tablet. This time, it said, “Mountain Beyond Mountain.”
The fourth stone tablet said, “Outsider.”
The fifth stone tablet emitted a strange fragrance.
They arrived at the sixth stone table.
For Jiang Hao, the meaning of the sixth stone tablet was different.
Due to the light, he couldn’t see the people around him. It was as if he was isolated. Otherwise, he would have checked if Gui was here.
However, this was good. He wouldn’t be exposed this way.
On this stone tablet was written: “With a calm heart and steady mind, you can see heaven and earth.”
Hong Yuye didn’t stop and continued upward.
Jiang Hao kept looking at the stone tablet, and the words and aura on it were constantly changing.
The higher up he went, the more words there were.
He even found it somewhat incomprehensible, not only the changes but even the words. It seemed that it had gone beyond what was normal.
“These words are no longer normal words. You need to comprehend them to truly understand. To gain opportunities from the stone tablets, you have to start from the hidden words,” Hong Yuye said.
Jiang Hao nodded.
In other words, the higher he went, the more difficult it was to comprehend things.
The opportunity became even rarer.
Soon, they reached the Seventy-Two Earthly Fiends.
Jiang Hao could understand the earlier stone tablets, but he gained nothing from the ones afterward.
“Senior, what is our purpose here?” he asked softly.
“Wherever the light connects, that’s where we go,” Hong Yuye said.
“Aren’t we going to stop and comprehend?” Jiang Hao asked again.
If they didn’t comprehend the tables, it would be like just taking a stroll through the mountain without any meaning.
Hong Yuye suddenly stopped and looked at him. “Don’t you like to keep a low profile?” she asked teasingly.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
He didn’t think Hong Yuye was someone who kept a low profile.
They arrived at the Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars.
When Jiang Hao saw the first stone tablet, he found that it didn’t have precise inscriptions. Only when they got closer did some characters slowly appear on it.
“Body technique: Moving Mountains and Seas..”