Chapter 327: It Can Produce Bubbles
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
“What is this extraordinary genius planning to do?” Yun Qi frowned. “He’s going all the way up without any pause. Is he just here for sightseeing?
As the extraordinary genius ascended, the light would contract.
Now, the Seventy-Two Earth Fiends had returned to normal. They could now comprehend it properly.
“There’s no point in speculating.” Lan Qian shook her head.
“Senior Sister, you were also paying atten tion to the extraordinary genius, right?” Yun Qi asked. “Did he pause at any stone tablet?”
They could only rely on the pauses of the light to determine whether he had stopped.
“Forty-ninth tablet,” Lan Qian said. “Shall we go and take a look?” Yun Qi asked.
Lan Qian nodded.
If the extraordinary genius paused at a stone tablet, it meant there was something valuable there.
“I thought he might pause at the sixth stone tablet, but that’s too bad.” Yun Qi smiled.
“What’s special about the sixth stone tablet?” Lan Qian asked.
“It has something,” Yun Qi said earnestly. “Six is a number I value. It’s special. Unfortunately, the extraordinary genius doesn’t recognize its worth. By the way, if I comprehend something from the forty-ninth stone tablet, can I exchange it with you for the contents of the sixth stone tablet, Senior Sister?”
“Sure,” Lan Qian said.
‘You are truly kind,” Yun Qi said with delight.
As the light receded, Gu Wen and the others also arrived at Heavenly Stele Mountain.
They were also curious about what this extraordinary genius was planning to do.
He was just walking up the mountain as if he was there to take a stroll.
“Jiang Hao should be nearby. Why isn’t he coming up?” Xia Dong looked around.
“I think he’s probably mining,” Ding Yu said. “I bet he really likes mining. I don’t think he is only doing it for spirit stones at this point. It seems he really likes doing it.”
They didn’t know what to make of that, but they didn’t go looking for him.
They had their own plans for coming to Heavenly Stele Mountain.
Many people had already arrived at Heavenly Stele Mountain, and everyone was paying attention to the area above. They also wanted to know what the extraordinary genius would do. Heavenly Stele Mountain had appeared for him, after all.
“Moving Mountains and Seas?”
Jiang Hao felt curious. He hadn’t cultivated any body techniques so far. He hadn’t had time because body techniques required a long while to learn.
He had spent his time on things like the Seven Forms of Heavenly Blade, Universe in a Palm, Seven-Star Sealing Technique, Light and Dust Technique, etc.
He had also spent much of his time making talismans.
He had too many things to focus on. If he added a body technique to his list of things, it would hamper his progress.
Besides, he felt that he was physically strong enough. He had added a lot to his endurance and strength.
Though he couldn’t compare to those who specialized in body cultivation, given enough time, he might be on the same level as them.
Hong Yuye just glanced at it and continued upwards.
Each time the extraordinary genius encountered a stone tablet, he would see something. Martial arts, techniques, body techniques, divine abilities, forging, formations, talisman crafting, alchemy, etc.
Jiang Hao was interested in divine abilities and talisman-making.
These inscriptions were definitely not simple, especially for the divine abilities. There was one divine ability called Immovable as a Mountain, which was clearly a defensive ability.
Once he comprehended it, he would be much safer.
Unfortunately, Hong Yuye only glanced at it and continued ahead.
Now, only one stone tablet was left from the Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars. This was the final step to the summit.
If the last stone tablet was the same as the previous ones, the extraordinary genius was really just here for a stroll.
He felt a little regretful.
He was interested in divine abilities and talisman-making, but he hadn’t gained anything at all from this stroll.
The divine abilities were for safety, and talisman-making was for spirit stones. Both were important to him.
As for alchemy and formations, he probably wouldn’t get anything extraordinary out of that.
He had no experience and no talent in those areas.
The light flickered.
Jiang Hao found himself at the peak of the mountain.
He looked to the left and to the right. The Blood Tide Forest was right below him.
He looked at the middle of the mountain, where the last stone tablet stood. There were no words on it.
‘This is a bit different.’
Jiang Hao frowned. This time, he hadn’t sensed any special aura within the stone tablet.
Even with his knowledge of the nameless manual, he couldn’t detect anything.
It was as if that was an ordinary stone tablet. But was it, really?
Jiang Hao approached the stone tablet and gently grabbed it.
It couldn’t be moved.
That was proof enough that this was not an ordinary stone tablet.
Hong Yuye glanced at it. A wooden table and some chairs appeared beside her.
She sat down. “Let’s have some tea.”
“Huh?” Jiang Hao was surprised.
“Senior, you came up here for tea?” Jiang Hao found it hard to believe.
Hong Yuye smiled. “What do you think I came here for?”
Jiang Hao shook his head. He didn’t know why she would bother to come here. She lacked nothing.
She gave away techniques and abilities. Jiang Hao couldn’t believe there was anything for her to comprehend.
Finally, he went to the table and began to brew tea.
It should be fine to drink tea here. Aside from the commotion when the mountain appeared, nothing else had happened.
“What kind of tea is this?” Hong Yuye asked when Jiang Hao opened the bag of tea leaves.
“Thousand Snow Flowers,” Jiang Hao said.
These tea leaves had cost him 200 spirit stones.
It was much better than Red Sleeve Fragrance tea.
Perhaps the price for it would go up soon.
Considering his current situation, he could afford tea leaves costing 250 each, but not more than that.
Hong Yuye visited him three to four times a year. She consumed roughly 750 spirit stones worth of tea per year. Jiang Hao felt that he could handle that much.
“I don’t want to drink Thousand Snow Flowers today,” Hong Yuye said.
“Then how about Snow After Spring? Or Red Sleeve Fragrance?” Jiang Hao asked.
The former cost 50 spirit stones, and the latter cost 100 spirit stones. He still had some left.
Hong Yuye looked at Jiang Hao with a faint smile. She was teasing him. “What about September Spring?”
‘September Spring…’ Jiang Hao was stunned.
“Senior…” Jiang Hao felt regretful.
He had bought it too early.
“Just a few months ago, you only had two thousand spirit stones. And now, you can afford September Spring in just a few days…” Hong Yuye smiled. “Inside September Spring tea, there is a self-contained system of spiritual energy, and it has vitality, like a lingering fragrance that never dissipates. Look at the Thousand Snow Flowers in your hand.”
Jiang Hao took out the tea leaves and checked them. He found that there was indeed an additional trace of vitality on them. Fortunately, it didn’t affect the tea leaves themselves.
However, he now knew that Red Azure tea and September Spring could affect other tea leaves when they were stored together.
He had no choice but to take the September Spring tea out. ‘17,500 spirit stones gone in a flash!’
This time, he was very careful when brewing tea. He had learned a bit about it. He didn’t want to waste any part of the expensive tea leaves.
After a while, the fragrance of tea permeated the air, and a hint of vitality appeared in the surroundings.
He poured two cups of tea.
Hong Yuye lifted her cup and took a sip.
Jiang Hao sat down and also took a sip of the tea.
Instantly, spiritual energy entered his body, and his mind became clear. The cultivation techniques seemed to rotate on their own.
After finishing a cup, Hong Yuye said, “Go and comprehend in front of the stone tablet. Perhaps you can gain something now.”
Jiang Hao didn’t think too much about it. Since he was here, he wanted to gain some insights.
He approached the stone tablet and noticed that there was quite a bit of dust on it.
Feeling a bit conflicted, he reached out to wipe it off. But just as he wiped it twice, a purple bubble fell on the ground.
[Divine Ability Fragment +1] Jiang Hao was speechless..