Chapter 328: Preaching and Expounding
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Jiang Hao was somewhat astonished as he looked at the purple bubble. He had just wiped off the dust. How was it possible that a bubble had appeared?
In the past, bubbles only appeared when he handled spirit herbs or killed demonic beasts. He had never seen them appear while cleaning something.
‘Is it just a coincidence?’
With doubts in his mind, he decided to wipe it again.
He had some concerns. If a white bubble dropped, Hong Yuye would easily notice it. Only blue and purple bubbles would go unnoticed because they had no effect on the body.
White bubbles would enhance his strength, spirit, and endurance. He could sense their effects, let alone Hong Yuye.
Despite his hesitation, his hand reached out to an untouched patch of dust to wipe it off.
He wiped gently.
Nothing happened.
He continued wiping.
Twice.
Thrice.
Four times.
Five times.
Still, nothing.
‘It seems like it was just a coincidence.’
Jiang Hao felt regretful.
After that, he continued wiping.
This time, with a single wipe, a blue bubble dropped.
[Spirit +1]
Jiang Hao was taken aback but didn’t think much about it. He continued wiping the stone tablet. The tablet wasn’t large. It wouldn’t take long to get it entirely clean.
Soon enough, a blue bubble appeared again.
[Cultivation +1]
The more he wiped, the more enthusiastic he became.
Indeed, Heavenly Stele Mountain was full of opportunities.
[Cultivation +1]
[Spirit +1]
In just a few minutes, Jiang Hao had wiped the entire stone tablet clean.
He obtained ten blue bubbles and one purple bubble.
It was equivalent to mining for a month.
He had arrived here late.
Jiang Hao sighed in his heart.
Now he knew that the stone tablet was inherently special. Whenever there was dust, cleaning it would produce bubbles.
In the future, he wanted to try wiping it again. He could use the Primordial Heavenly Blade he had and put it near the stone tablet. Maybe having a divine item near might give him more bubbles.
Jiang Hao took out a piece of cloth and prepared to wipe it again. The previous cleaning might not have been enough, and he might get one or two more bubbles.
If it weren’t for Hong Yuye, he would have used Daily Appraisal to make sense of the stone tablet.
However, she would sense it if he used it.
Having Hong Yuye around made him feel safe, but it also restricted him.
He was about to continue wiping when he felt someone staring at him.
He turned to see Hong Yuye gazing intently at him. Her terrifying aura was present.
Jiang Hao was speechless.
With a sigh, he had to give up on further cleaning. But there were still 107 pieces left.
If each one gave him ten bubbles…
Even with just five points, it would be enough for him to advance to Soul Ascension Realm.
However, he wasn’t sure if he could get this close to the stone tablets. The only reason he had made it safely here was because of Hong Yuye.
If it were just him, he could get close to the Seventy-Two Earthly Fiends. But it would attract a lot of attention.
As for the Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars, he couldn’t even get close to them.
‘If I could clean them every time I come up here…’
He didn’t dare to imagine.
This idea was quickly dispelled when he suddenly remembered that the other stone tablets didn’t have as much dust.
Jiang Hao sat cross-legged in front of the stone tablet. The effect of the tea leaves was still present. Due to the appearance of blue bubbles, he had failed to notice it.
Jiang Hao closed his eyes and his consciousness extended to the stone tablet.
He didn’t feel anything.
But he could clearly sense his own strength.
His condition was excellent, so Jiang Hao began to comprehend the Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
At that moment, he forgot about everything else and fully circulated the Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
He felt that his condition was better than ever before. It was even better than when he used the Clear and Pure Heart ability.
Could it be the effect of the tea?
Jiang Hao couldn’t tell and could only continue his comprehension.
After some time, he felt his state elevate once again.
The surrounding transformed into a starry sky as his cultivation technique circulated. It allowed him to perceive the changes in the Hong Meng Heart Sutra more profoundly.
Jiang Hao devoted all his attention to it.
Meanwhile, Hong Yuye, who was still sipping tea, looked at Jiang Hao and waited calmly.
After some time, a faint light appeared on the stone tablet and shone upon Jiang Hao.
Immediately, an outline started to emerge from the stone tablet.
It was a silhouette of a sitting figure. Then, the apparition began to change.
Hong Yuye didn’t pay much attention to this and continued sipping her tea.
At the 49th stone tablet, Yun Qi and Lan Qian were still trying to understand the words.
Lan Qian gave up after a short while because she couldn’t comprehend anything.
It seemed to be an issue of her cultivation realm that made it difficult for her to gain any insights.
On the other hand, Yun Qi was absorbed in his comprehension.
After some time, he opened his eyes.
“Did you gain some insights?” Lan Qian asked.
“It’s a secret technialle. hilt– ” Yun Oi froumed- “T feel like T was forced out ”
“Forced out?” Lan Qian was puzzled.
At that moment, the writing on the stone tablet suddenly disappeared. This sudden change puzzled Lan Qian.
It was the first time she had seen the words disappear quite so suddenly. Then, an outline appeared which depicted a figure meditating cross-legged.
“What is that?” Yun Qi asked.
“It might be related to that extraordinary genius,” Lan Qian said.
Previously, everything had disappeared. They had assumed there was no change because of the genius. But now, they began to see that everything had changed.
Yun Qi stared at the outline. It seemed like the figure within the outline moved. The fingers changed, and an inexplicable aura appeared around them.
Yun Qi got lost in it with just one glance. He felt that the person was deducing something.
His unmovable cultivation realm suddenly showed some fluctuations.
At that moment, a few words flashed in his mind. It was the origin of all opportunities on Heavenly Stele Mountain.
Lan Qian also sensed it.
It wasn’t just them. All the other stone tablets also underwent changes. The writing disappeared, and outlines appeared.
Gu Wen and the others looked at the stone tablets and felt as if they were observing each other’s cultivation. However, it also seemed to blend with their own cultivation techniques.
Regardless, they all understood one thing. This was an opportunity.
Once all the stone tablets changed, a vibrant aura started to emerge from them.
This vitality centered around Jiang Hao and began to spread. Flowers bloomed around him.
Hong Yuye gazed at the stone tablet as if trying to see through it.
It was only when the floral fragrance wafted over that she withdrew her gaze. She sipped her tea. The surroundings became lush with vegetation, and flowers blossomed.
This scene played out on the entire stone tablet.
Yun Qi sat cross-legged and looked at the figure outlined in front of him. He was captivated. It was too powerful.
He felt that some hidden mistakes and inexplicable problems were being resolved. This opportunity was simply unimaginable.
The genius was cultivating, and his power was expounding and fixing mistakes in all their cultivation!
It was no wonder Heavenly Stele Mountain had opened up the Thirty-Six Heavenly Stars and implored him to observe it.
Lan Qian’s cultivation level showed signs of loosening, and she was about to break through to the early stage of the Soul Ascension Realm.
All of this was merely because she had watched it for a short while.
Gu Wen and the others watched for a while and felt uneasy. If they hadn’t already advanced, this would have perfected their cultivation.
They wouldn’t have had to start over.
Fortunately, their ascension wouldn’t be too long, and there was still room for recovery..