Chapter 329: Blocked
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation      Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Mu Qi looked at the stone tablet and felt that his body had reached its peak condition. He was quite fortunate because it wasn’t time for him to advance yet. This allowed him to refine his cultivation even better.
His previous visit to Heavenly Stele Mountain only granted him divine abilities. But now, he was receiving corrections for his cultivation. It was as if he was listening to a powerful expert’s preaching. There were no dazzling lights or any sound, just an ordinary stone tablet. Yet, it brought them unparalleled opportunities.
For a moment, the entire Heavenly Stele Mountain fell silent. Everyone sat in front of the stone tablets and just watched the figures depicted on them. It felt as if they were enlightened about their own cultivation methods. At that moment, they all forgot about everything else.
Ten days later, Qing You arrived at Heavenly Stele Mountain once again.
“What’s going on? How could Heavenly Stele Mountain suddenly disappear?” She arrived quickly because she met Senior Brother Gu Cheng on her way. Otherwise, with her cultivation at the middle stage of the Golden Core Realm, it would have taken her a long time to reach here.
“I don’t know. I only heard that Heavenly Stele Mountain suddenly appeared in the Blood Tide Forest. But when I went up, I heard about the extraordinary genius,” Gu Cheng said.
“An extraordinary genius? Is Heavenly Stele Mountain here for that genius?” Qing You found it hard to believe.
“Let’s go up and ask. I just don’t understand why it’s so quiet here.” Gu Cheng frowned.
“Right… Not only here but the Blood Tide Forest as well.” Qing You nodded.
The silence worried her. This was not normal.
The two of them cautiously headed up Heavenly Stele Mountain and soon arrived at the location of the first stone tablet.
As they came closer, they were astonished.
Under the first stone tablet, many people were sitting cross-legged as if they were in the midst of practicing their cultivation. There were numerous Foundation Establishment and Golden Core Realm cultivators. There were even some demonic beasts. All of them were in such a state.
What could make all these people behave like this?
They looked at the first stone tablet and were immediately drawn into it. Without realizing it, they sat down and started to comprehend it and became part of the crowd.
Jiang Hao was circulating the Hong Meng Heart Sutra. As his condition was unexpectedly good, he continued with it. Now, he had a much better understanding of the Hong Meng Heart Sutra.
He ceased cultivation when he felt that it was enough.
When he opened his eyes, he remembered that he was originally here for enlightenment but ended up cultivating.
“Finished?” Hong Yuye asked.
Jiang Hao turned to look at her. She was still here, but her tea seemed to have finished.
“Senior, I was unable to comprehend anything.”
At present, he had only slightly strengthened his cultivation. If he had to face MO Tian again, he would probably be able to go against him in direct combat in this state.
Hong Yuye gazed at the stone tablet. “Let’s continue making tea.”
Jiang Hao added water to the tea leaves. The tea was too expensive to waste. He decided to take the used tea leaves back home and see if the spirit beast would want to eat them.
“Senior, when are you going to comprehend the stone tablet?” Jiang Hao asked. Once Hong Yuye was done, he could wipe the stone tablets again for bubbles.
“Comprehend?” Hong Yuye smiled. “There is no time for that.”
“No time?” Jiang Hao was puzzled.
He suddenly felt that Heavenly Stele Mountain was about to disappear. It was time to descend the mountain.
‘It’s over already?’ Jiang Hao found it somewhat hard to believe.
“It’s already October,” Hong Yuye said.
‘October? Half a month has passed?’ Jiang Hao was surprised. He hadn’t felt the time pass by so fast.
He thought it had only been one night.
Jiang Hao felt a bit regretful. Did that mean he couldn’t wipe the stone tablets anymore?
He looked at the stone tablet in front of him. He hadn’t wiped it for over ten days. There should be dust on it.
Hong Yuye drank her tea and got up.
“Let’s go down the mountain.”
Jiang Hao was reluctant. There was something he was quite curious about.
“Did Heavenly Stele Mountain appear here just for you, Senior?”
“Of course not. Heavenly Stele Mountain is not that simple. When you cultivated in front of this stone tablet, the tablet reflected your figure. In simple terms, Heavenly Stele Mountain has carved your name here,” said Hong
Yuye.
“Carved my name?” Jiang Hao felt anxious.
“It won’t affect you keeping a low profile if that’s what you’re worried about,” said Hong Yuye with a smile.
Jiang Hao breathed a sigh of relief. As long as there was no danger, it was fine. However, he was still curious why Heavenly Stele Mountain hadn’t carved her name here instead.
Just as he was about to ask, Jiang Hao noticed disdain on Hong Yuye’s face.
She did not attempt to conceal it, so Jiang Hao easily noticed it.
He was puzzled. However, it was better not to ask about it.
Hong Yuye prepared to leave the mountain.
Even if Jiang Hao was reluctant, he had no choice but to follow.
He could only wait for another opportunity in the future. He didn’t know if Heavenly Stele Mountain would summon him again.
They instantly appeared at the foot of the mountain. Hong Yuye disappeared after that. She didn’t leave any words of advice.
Jiang Hao felt uneasy. Hong Yuye always at least threatened him before she left. This time, she said nothing.
After he came down, many people also left Heavenly Stele Mountain.
He sensed the people, so he didn’t linger around.
With only a few months remaining, he decided to find a new cave to mine in.
Moreover, he might encounter Heavenly Stele Mountain again and perhaps could go up to clean the stone tablets again.
Jiang Hao raised his cultivation to display the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
If he displayed his Primordial Spirit Realm and someone in Soul Ascension Realm found him, he wouldn’t be able to defend himself.
Besides, he was not their enemy.
However, he hadn’t traveled far when he met two people. One had surpassed the Primordial Spirit Realm, while the other seemed to be at the middle stage of the Primordial Spirit Realm. There was something strange about them.
Jiang Hao didn’t pay too much attention and left quickly.
But even after he changed direction, the person appeared in front of him again.
Jiang Hao’s heart sank. He was being targeted.
“Hello, Seniors,” said Jiang Hao in greeting. He had no choice.
“Are you Jiang Hao from the Heavenly Note Sect?” Lan Qian asked.
They had come down quite early and just happened to see Jiang Hao on the way.
Yun Qi couldn’t recognize him, but Lan Qian had seen him once before.
“Who are you, Seniors?” Jiang Hao braced himself.
He could sense that the woman in front of him had a slight fluctuation in her aura. It was highly likely due to her recent advancement. As for the man beside her, he looked like he was in the middle of the Primordial Spirit Realm, but his spiritual aura extended from him and intertwined with the surrounding spiritual energy. It seemed like he was far beyond the Primordial Spirit Realm.
They were hiding their cultivation realms. When facing such strong experts, he didn’t know if he could flee..